{\rtf1\ansi{\fonttbl
{\f0 \froman Times New Roman;}
{\f1 \froman Times New Roman;}
{\f2 \froman Times New Roman;}
{\f3 \fswiss Arial;}
{\f4 \fswiss Arial;}
{\f5 \fswiss Arial;}
{\f6 \fswiss Arial;}
{\f7 \fswiss Arial;}
{\f8 \fswiss Arial;}
{\f9 \fswiss Arial;}
{\f10 \fswiss Arial;}
}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0 ;}
\margl1440\margr720\margt720\margb720
{\header \pard \qc \brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 {\b\f10\fs28 Ancestors of Eugene ZINS\par}}
{\footer \pard \qc {\f10\fs20 \chpgn \par}} \par{\b\f3\fs28 FIRST GENERATION\par 
\par}\f0\fs24 1.  {\xe {\v ZINS, Eugene}}{\b\f1\fs24 Eugene ZINS}\f0\fs24  was born on Oct 30 1903 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24
  He died on Sep 5 1961 in Methuen, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24   He was a Police Officer/Sergeant (also served as Chief for 2 years) 1926 until his death in Windham, Rockingham County, NH.{\up6
1,2}\f0\fs24   He was a Firefighter (ultimately Lieutenant) 1942 until his death in Windham, Rockingham County, NH.\f0\fs24
  He was buried in Cemetery on the Plain, Windham, Rockingham County, NH.{\up6 3}
\f0\fs24   He died of lung cancer.\f0\fs24   He was a stone mason and auto mechanic.\f0\fs24
  Gene was the stone mason during the construction of Windham's first Fire Station in 1945-46. His efforts are commemorated on a brass plaque affixed to the stone work.
  \par Origin of the surname "ZINS": Nickname for a tenant farmer, from Middle High German zins 'dues', 'tribute'. (Dictionary of American Family Names, Oxford University Press, ISBN 0-19-508137-4).\par
\page \par{\b\f3\fs28 SECOND GENERATION\par \par}\f0\fs24 2.  {\xe {\v ZINS, Peter John Alois}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Peter John Alois ZINS}\f0\fs24  was born on Jun 2 1864 in Augsburg, Germany at 12:00 noon (German time).{\up6
4}\f0\fs24   He was christened on Jun 5 1864 in Augsburg, Germany.{\up6 5}\f0\fs24
  He emigrated in 1880 to Canada.\f0\fs24   He died on Nov 1 1955 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24
  He was buried on Nov 4 1955 in Cemetery on the Plain, Windham, Rockingham County, NH.{\up6
6}\f0\fs24   He owned "The Zins Farm", 87 Lowell Road December 5, 1919 (B: 0001/P: 0480) in Windham, Rockingham County, NH.{\up6
7}\f0\fs24   He died of cerebral thrombosis.\f0\fs24   He was a harness maker in Haverhill, Essex County, MA: 82 Groveland St/5 Fleet Street.{\up6
8}\f0\fs24   \par Per Eileen in Germany after her review of scanned/emailed Christening Certificate: \par
  1. Peter Ruf, Godfather: Occupation translates loosely as master "sharpener" (blades?). \par
  2. Ursula Zins, Godmother: Was likely a wealthy aunt - money was often the deciding factor in choosing a godparent. Could be an in-law, but not necessarily, as many women in that time period maintained their maiden name after marriage. She was the wife of a poultry dealer.\par
   3. Alois Zins, Father: Was not a wood "sawer" as previously translated, but a wood "carver" (furniture maker/artisan?).\par
----------------------------------------\par There are varying stories of Peter's emigration from Germany. For example:\par
   1. His parents sent him out of Germany due to increasing military activity to avoid being drafted into service. \par
   2. Same as 1, but rather than being a registered passenger, he was in fact a stowaway on a random ship headed for North America/Canada.\par
   3. Same as 2, but his name was not "Peter Zins". This version has "Peter" being a cabin boy who died en route and, as our stowaway had no "papers", he took those of the deceased boy (understandably...I hope this is not the true version!). \par
----------------------------------------\par The only reference to his life in Germany that anyone can recall him making is of a "favorite" sister of his: Ursula.\par
\f0\fs24   He was married to Jane MELANSON on Mar 4 1889 in Heatherton, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3.  {\xe {\v MELANSON, Jane}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jane MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born on Jul 17 1867 in Antigonish, Nova Scotia, Canada.{\up6 9}\f0\fs24   She 
died on Oct 6 1950 in Alexander Eastman Hospital, East Derry, Rockingham County, NH.{\up6
9}\f0\fs24   She was buried on Oct 9 1950 in Cemetery on the Plain, Windham, Rockingham County, NH.{\up6
9,3}\f0\fs24   She died of acute left ventricular failure.\f0\fs24   She was a housewife.\f0\fs24
  Peter John Alois ZINS and Jane MELANSON had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v ZINS, Baby Boy (Twin to Elizabeth)}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Baby Boy (Twin to Elizabeth) ZINS}\f0\fs24  was stillborn on Apr 23 1893 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v ZINS, Theresa (Married Johnson)}}{\b\f1\fs24 Theresa (Married Johnson) ZINS}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1890 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She died in 1984 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v ZINS, Mary Jane}}{\b\f1\fs24 Mary Jane ZINS}\f0\fs24
 was born on Mar 11 1891 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24   She died in Oct 1983 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v ZINS, Charles Emanuel}}{\b\f1\fs24 Charles Emanuel ZINS}
\f0\fs24  was born on Jun 1 1892 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24   He died on Oct 8 1956 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v ZINS, Elizabeth A}}{\b\f1\fs24 Elizabeth A ZINS}\f0\fs24
 was born on Apr 23 1893 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24   She died in Oct 1974 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v ZINS, Peter Alois}}{\b\f1\fs24 Peter Alois ZINS}\f0\fs24
 was born on Jul 19 1895 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24   He died on Sep 18 1954 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v ZINS, William}}{\b\f1\fs24 William ZINS}\f0\fs24  
was born on Jul 20 1898 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24   He died in Jan 1976 in Melrose, Middlesex County, MA.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab viii.\tab{\xe {\v ZINS, James L}}{\b\f1\fs24 James L ZINS}\f0\fs24 
 was born on Nov 8 1901 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24   He died in Oct 1982 in Derry, Rockingham County, NH.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 1\tab ix.\tab{\xe {\v ZINS, Eugene}}{\b\f1\fs24 Eugene ZINS.}\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab x.\tab{\xe {\v ZINS, Agnes (Married Beaudoin)}}{\b\f1\fs24 Agnes (Married Beaudoin) ZINS}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1906 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24   She died on Jan 6 1997 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab xi.\tab{\xe {\v ZINS, Francis A}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francis A ZINS}\f0\fs24
 was born on Mar 8 1908 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24   He died on May 17 1988 in Windham, Rockingham County, NH.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab xii.\tab{\xe {\v ZINS, Margaret E (Married Mailloux)}}{\b\f1\fs24 Margaret E (Married Mailloux) ZINS}
\f0\fs24  was born on Nov 29 1909 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24   She 
died on Jul 3 1979 in Lowell, Middlesex County, MA.\f0\fs24\par\pard\page \par{\b
\f3\fs28 THIRD GENERATION\par \par}\f0\fs24 4.  {\xe {\v ZINS, Alois}}{\b\f1\fs24
Alois ZINS}\f0\fs24  was born about 1835 in Augsburg, Germany.\f0\fs24   He died after 1865 in Germany.\f0\fs24
  He was a wood carver.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Kunigunde HACKER about 1863 in Germany.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 5.  {\xe {\v HACKER, Kunigunde}}{\b\f1\fs24 Kunigunde HACKER}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1835 in Germany.\f0\fs24   She died after 1865 in Germany.\f0\fs24
  \par Origins of the surname "HACKER": German (also H\'e4cker), Dutch, and Jewish (Ashkenazic): occupational name for a butcher, possibly also for a woodcutter, from an agent derivative of Middle High German hacken, Dutch hakken 'to hack', 'to chop'. The Jewish surname may be from Yiddish heker 'butcher', holtsheker 'woodcutter' (German Holzhacker), or valdheker 'lumberjack', or from German Hacker 'woodchopper'. (Dictionary of American Family Names, Oxford University Press, ISBN 0-19-508137-4).\par
  Alois ZINS and Kunigunde HACKER had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 2\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v ZINS, Peter John Alois}}{\b\f1\fs24
Peter John Alois ZINS.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 6.  {\xe {\v MELANSON, Emanuel}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Emanuel MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born in 1842 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.{\up6
10}\f0\fs24   He died after 1881 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  He was a farmer.\f0\fs24   He was Catholic.\f0\fs24   \par Origins of the surname "MELANC(s)ON": French: nickname from a dialect word meaning 'melancholic'. (Dictionary of American Family Names, Oxford University Press, ISBN 0-19-508137-4).\par
\f0\fs24   He was married to Bridget KELLAWAY on Jul 13 1864 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 7.  {\xe {\v KELLAWAY, Bridget}}{\b\f1\fs24 Bridget KELLAWAY}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1847 in Pugwash, Nova Scotia, Canada.{\up6 11}\f0\fs24   She died on Jun 25 1909 in Haverhill, Essex County, MA.\f0\fs24
  She was also known as Calloway, Killawee.{\up6 9}\f0\fs24   Emanuel MELANSON and Bridget KELLAWAY had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Maryann}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Maryann MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born in 1866 in Antigonish, Nova Scotia, Canada.{\up6
12}\f0\fs24 \par\tab 3\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Jane}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jane MELANSON.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, John}}{\b\f1\fs24 John MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1870 in Antigonish, Nova Scotia, Canada.{\up6 13}\f0\fs24\par
\pard\page \par{\b\f3\fs28 FOURTH GENERATION\par \par}\f0\fs24 12.  {\xe {\v MELANSON, Benoni G}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Benoni G MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born about 1795 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  He died about 1867 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 
  Benoni G. Melanson and wife Anne Landry were second cousins, once removed.\f0\fs24
  He was married to Anne LANDRY about 1825 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 13.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Anne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Anne LANDRY}\f0\fs24  
was born about 1807 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 
  She died after 1891 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Benoni G MELANSON and Anne LANDRY had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Nichette}}{\b\f1\fs24
Nichette MELANSON}\f0\fs24 .  \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Zabeth}}{\b\f1\fs24
Zabeth MELANSON}\f0\fs24 .  \par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Abraham}}{\b\f1\fs24
Abraham MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born about 1831 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1841.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Elise}}{\b\f1\fs24
Elise MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born about 1832 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  She was also known as Elizabeth.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Natalie}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Natalie MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born about 1834 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Euphrosine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Euphrosine MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1835 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Rose}}{\b\f1\fs24 Rose MELANSON}\f0\fs24 
 was born about 1836 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 
\par\tab\tab viii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Isaac}}{\b\f1\fs24 Isaac MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1842 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 
\par\tab 6\tab ix.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Emanuel}}{\b\f1\fs24 Emanuel MELANSON.}\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab x.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Callis}}{\b\f1\fs24 Callis MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1844 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 
  She died after 1891 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab xi.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, William}}{\b\f1\fs24 William MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1849 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 
\par\tab\tab xii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Mary}}{\b\f1\fs24 Mary MELANSON}\f0\fs24 
 was born about 1854 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 14.  {\xe {\v KELLAWAY, John}}{\b\f1\fs24 John KELLAWAY}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1826 in Ireland.\f0\fs24   He died after 1847 in most likely Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Bridget WALKER about 1845 in Ireland.\f0\fs24 \par 
\par\f0\fs24 15.  {\xe {\v WALKER, Bridget}}{\b\f1\fs24 Bridget WALKER}\f0\fs24 
 was born about 1826 in Ireland.\f0\fs24   She died after 1847 in most likely Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  John KELLAWAY and Bridget WALKER had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 7\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v KELLAWAY, Bridget}}{\b\f1\fs24
Bridget KELLAWAY.}\f0\fs24\par\pard\page \par{\b\f3\fs28 FIFTH GENERATION\par \par
}\f0\fs24 24.  {\xe {\v MELANSON, Charles M}}{\b\f1\fs24 Charles M MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born on Dec 14 1776 in La Coquenais, St. Malo, France.\f0\fs24   He died after 1822 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie DOIRON about 1795 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 25.  {\xe {\v DOIRON, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie DOIRON}\f0\fs24 
 was born about 1778.\f0\fs24   She died after 1822 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Charles M MELANSON and Marie DOIRON had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Angelique}}{\b\f1\fs24
Angelique MELANSON}\f0\fs24 .  \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Constant}}{\b
\f1\fs24 Constant MELANSON}\f0\fs24 .  \par\tab 12\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Benoni G}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Benoni G MELANSON.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Charles}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Charles MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born about 1799 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Adelaide}}{\b\f1\fs24 Adelaide MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1805 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 
\par\tab\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Felix}}{\b\f1\fs24 Felix MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1806 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 
\par\tab\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Anastasie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Anastasie MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1812 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab viii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Elizabeth}}{\b\f1\fs24 Elizabeth MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1813 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ix.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Appoline}}{\b\f1\fs24 Appoline MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born on Feb 16 1813 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab x.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie MELANSON}\f0\fs24 
 was born on Mar 1 1815 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab xi.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Nathalie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Nathalie MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born on Nov 26 1822 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 26.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Joseph Charles}}{\b\f1\fs24 Joseph Charles LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1781 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  He died about 1815 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24
  He was married to Isabelle VINCENT about 1801 in most likely Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 27.  {\xe {\v VINCENT, Isabelle}}{\b\f1\fs24 Isabelle VINCENT}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1785 in most likely Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She died after 1816 in most likely Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Joseph Charles LANDRY and Isabelle VINCENT had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Ursele}}{\b
\f1\fs24 Ursele LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1804 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 13\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Anne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Anne LANDRY.}\f0\fs24 
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Emilie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Emilie LANDRY}\f0\fs24 
 was born about 1808 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 
\par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Adele}}{\b\f1\fs24 Adele LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1810 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Euphrosine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Euphrosine LANDRY}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1812 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 
\par\tab\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Abraham}}{\b\f1\fs24 Abraham LANDRY}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1814 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 
\par\tab\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Joseph}}{\b\f1\fs24 Joseph LANDRY}\f0\fs24 
 was born about 1815 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\par
\pard\page \par{\b\f3\fs28 SIXTH GENERATION\par \par}\f0\fs24 48.  {\xe {\v MELANSON, Joseph}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Joseph MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born on Oct 25 1747 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  He died before 1784 in La Coquenais, St. Malo, France.\f0\fs24   Joseph Melanson and wife  Elizabeth Broussard were second cousins, once removed.\f0\fs24
  He was married to Elizabeth BROUSSARD on Jan 14 1772 in most likely Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 49.  {\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Elizabeth}}{\b\f1\fs24 Elizabeth BROUSSARD}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1749 in Isle St Jean: Now Prince Edward Island, Canada.\f0\fs24
  She died after 1785 in Pomquet, Antigonish County, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Joseph MELANSON and Elizabeth BROUSSARD had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Joseph Marie}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Joseph Marie MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born on Nov 17 1772 in La Ville de Cain, France.\f0\fs24
  He died in her eighth year.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 24\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Charles M}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Charles M MELANSON.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 52.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Joseph}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Joseph LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1734 in Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Charlotte FLAUD in Jan 1768 in Pleudihen, Bretagne, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 53.  {\xe {\v FLAUD, Charlotte}}{\b\f1\fs24 Charlotte FLAUD}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1736 in Pleudihen, Bretagne, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1790 in most likely Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Joseph LANDRY and Charlotte FLAUD had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Julien}}{\b\f1\fs24 Julien LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1768 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab
{\xe {\v LANDRY, Jeanne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1770 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Charles Joseph}}{\b\f1\fs24 Charles Joseph LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1772 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iv.\tab
{\xe {\v LANDRY, Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1774 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  She died in childhood.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Marie-Perrine}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marie-Perrine LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1777 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Anne-Yvonne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Anne-Yvonne LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1778 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 26\tab vii.\tab
{\xe {\v LANDRY, Joseph Charles}}{\b\f1\fs24 Joseph Charles LANDRY.}\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab viii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Francois Mathurin}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francois Mathurin LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1783 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ix.\tab
{\xe {\v LANDRY, Isabelle-Josephe}}{\b\f1\fs24 Isabelle-Josephe LANDRY}\f0\fs24 
 was born about 1785 in Pleudihen, Bretagne, France.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab x.\tab{\xe {\v
LANDRY, Euphrosine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Euphrosine LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1790 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\pard\page \par{\b\f3\fs28 SEVENTH GENERATION\par \par}\f0\fs24 96.  {\xe {\v
MELANSON, Etienne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Etienne MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born on Jul 11 1724 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1784 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24 
  He was married to Francois GRANGER on Jan 17 1746/47 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 97.  {\xe {\v GRANGER, Francois}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francois GRANGER}\f0\fs24
 was born on Dec 5 1728 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She 
died about 1770 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Etienne MELANSON and Francois GRANGER had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 48\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Joseph}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Joseph MELANSON.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Marie Blanche}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Blanche MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born about 1750 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Elizabeth}}{\b\f1\fs24 Elizabeth MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1752 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 
\par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Anne Josephe}}{\b\f1\fs24 Anne Josephe MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Feb 1 1755 in Louisbourg, Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Marie Genevieve}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Genevieve MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Feb 5 1758 in Louisbourg, Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Marguerite E}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite E MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Jan 21 1761 in St. Nicholas, Boulogne, France.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Marie Josephe Lucie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Josephe Lucie MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Sep 12 1763 in St. Nicholas, Boulogne, France.\f0\fs24 \par
\pard \par\f0\fs24 98.  {\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Pierre Paul}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre Paul BROUSSARD}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1728 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1750 in Opelousas, St. Landry Parish, LA.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Madeleine LANDRY about 1748 in Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 99.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine LANDRY}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1728 in Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She died after 1749 in most likely Canada.\f0\fs24
  Pierre Paul BROUSSARD and Madeleine LANDRY had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 49\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Elizabeth}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Elizabeth BROUSSARD.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 104.  {\xe {\v 
LANDRY, Abraham dit Chaques}}{\b\f1\fs24 Abraham dit Chaques LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1698 in Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1734 in most likely Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie Isabelle BLANCHARD before 1723 in most likely Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 105.  {\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Marie Isabelle}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Isabelle BLANCHARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1700 in Cobequid, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She 
died after 1734 in most likely Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Abraham dit Chaques LANDRY and Marie Isabelle BLANCHARD had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Jean}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1723 in Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 99\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine LANDRY.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Annie Osite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Annie Osite LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1729 in Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Charles}}{\b\f1\fs24 Charles LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1730 in Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 52\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Joseph}}{\b\f1\fs24 Joseph LANDRY.}\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 106.  {\xe {\v FLAUD, Julien}}{\b\f1\fs24 Julien FLAUD}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1710 in Pleudihen, Bretagne, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Laurence DUHAL about 1735 in Pleudihen, Bretagne, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 107.  {\xe {\v DUHAL, Laurence}}{\b\f1\fs24 Laurence DUHAL}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1715 in Pleudihen, Bretagne, France.\f0\fs24   Julien FLAUD and Laurence DUHAL had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 53\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v FLAUD, Charlotte}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Charlotte FLAUD.}\f0\fs24\par\pard\page \par{\b\f3\fs28 EIGHTH GENERATION
\par \par}\f0\fs24 192.  {\xe {\v MELANSON, Jean-Dominique}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean-Dominique MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1681 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   He 
died on Feb 24 1760 in Cherbourg, Manche, St. Trinite, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to Marie-Marguerite DUGAST on Jan 11 1700/1 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 193.  {\xe {\v DUGAST, Marie-Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie-Marguerite DUGAST}
\f0\fs24  was born on Mar 19 1680/81 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  She died before 1729 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Jean-Dominique MELANSON and Marie-Marguerite DUGAST had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Marguerite}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born in 1701 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Jean Baptise}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Baptise MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1706 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Paul}}{\b\f1\fs24 Paul MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born on Sep 7 1708 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born on Sep 4 1710 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab
\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Marie Josette}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Josette MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born on Jan 8 1712/13 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Alexandre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Alexandre MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1718 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
vii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Jacques}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born in 1718 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab viii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Feb 24 1718/19 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ix.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Cecile}}{\b\f1\fs24 Cecile MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1721 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 96\tab
x.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Etienne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Etienne MELANSON.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard
\par\f0\fs24 194.  {\xe {\v GRANGER, Joseph}}{\b\f1\fs24 Joseph GRANGER}\f0\fs24 
 was born in 1697 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   He died after 1728 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Angelique Anne RICHARD on Jan 16 1718/19 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 195.  {\xe {\v RICHARD, Angelique Anne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Angelique Anne RICHARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1694 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She 
died after 1728 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Joseph GRANGER and Angelique Anne RICHARD had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 97\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GRANGER, Francois}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Francois GRANGER.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 196.  {\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Claude}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Claude BROUSSARD}\f0\fs24  was born about 1697 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1736 in most likely Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Ann BABIN before 1719 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 197.  {\xe {\v BABIN, Ann}}{\b\f1\fs24 Ann BABIN}\f0\fs24  was born about 1700 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  She died before 1754 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Claude BROUSSARD and Ann BABIN had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Marguerite}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite BROUSSARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1719 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Jean Baptiste}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Baptiste BROUSSARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1722 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab 98\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Pierre Paul}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre Paul BROUSSARD.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Firmin}}{\b\f1\fs24 Firmin BROUSSARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1730 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Charles}}{\b\f1\fs24 Charles BROUSSARD}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1732 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
vi.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Francois}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francois BROUSSARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1736 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 198.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Abraham dit Chaques}}{\b\f1\fs24 Abraham dit Chaques LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1698 in Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   He 
died after 1734 in most likely Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24
  He was married to Marie Isabelle BLANCHARD before 1723 in most likely Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 199.  {\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Marie Isabelle}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Isabelle BLANCHARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1700 in Cobequid, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She 
died after 1734 in most likely Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Abraham dit Chaques LANDRY and Marie Isabelle BLANCHARD had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Jean}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1723 in Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 99\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine LANDRY.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Annie Osite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Annie Osite LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1729 in Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Charles}}{\b\f1\fs24 Charles LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1730 in Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 52\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Joseph}}{\b\f1\fs24 Joseph LANDRY.}\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 208.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Germain}}{\b\f1\fs24 Germain LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1674 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   He 
died after 1710 in most likely Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24
  He was married to Marie Madeleine MELANSON before 1695 in most likely Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 209.  {\xe {\v MELANSON, Marie Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Madeleine MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1673 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She 
died in 1714 in most likely Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Germain LANDRY and Marie Madeleine MELANSON had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Alexandre}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Alexandre LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1695 in Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 104\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Abraham dit Chaques}}{\b\f1\fs24 Abraham dit Chaques LANDRY.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Germain}}{\b\f1\fs24 Germain LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1706 in Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Paul}}{\b\f1\fs24 Paul LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1708 in most likely Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 210.  {\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Martin}}{\b\f1\fs24 Martin BLANCHARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1647 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   He died in 1717 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Marguerite GUILBEAU about 1686 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 211.  {\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite GUILBEAU}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1668 in Cobequid, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She 
died after 1700 in most likely Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Martin BLANCHARD and Marguerite GUILBEAU had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Marguerite}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1689 in Cobequid, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1692 in Cobequid, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab 
iii.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Martin}}{\b\f1\fs24 Martin BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1693 in Cobequid, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Joseph}}{\b\f1\fs24 Joseph BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1694 in Cobequid, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 105\tab
v.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Marie Isabelle}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Isabelle BLANCHARD.}\f0\fs24
\par\pard\page \par{\b\f3\fs28 NINTH GENERATION\par \par}\f0\fs24 384.  {\xe {\v 
MELANSON, Pierre dit Laverdure}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre dit Laverdure MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1632 in Yorkeshire, England.\f0\fs24   He died in 1714 in St. Charles aux Mines, France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie Marguerite Muis D'ENTREMONT about 1665 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 385.  {\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Marie Marguerite Muis}}{\b\f1\fs24 
Marie Marguerite Muis D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1649 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  She died in 1723 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Pierre dit Laverdure MELANSON and Marie Marguerite Muis D'ENTREMONT had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Phillippe Charles}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Phillippe Charles MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born in 1666 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Cecile}}{\b\f1\fs24 Cecile MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1668 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
iii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Pierre "Pedro"}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre "Pedro" MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1670 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 209\tab
iv.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Marie Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Madeleine MELANSON.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1676 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v
MELANSON, Isabelle Elizabeth}}{\b\f1\fs24 Isabelle Elizabeth MELANSON}\f0\fs24  
was born in 1679 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 192\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v
MELANSON, Jean-Dominique}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean-Dominique MELANSON.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
viii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine MELANSON}\f0\fs24  
was born on Mar 13 1683/84 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ix.\tab{\xe {\v
MELANSON, Anne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Anne MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born in 1686 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab x.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Paul}}{\b\f1\fs24 Paul MELANSON}\f0\fs24  
was born in 1691 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 386.  {\xe {\v
DUGAST, Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24 Claude DUGAST}\f0\fs24  was born in 1652 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  He died on Oct 16 1732 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24
  He was married to Marie-Francoise BOURGEOIS in 1673 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 387.  {\xe {\v BOURGEOIS, Marie-Francoise}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie-Francoise BOURGEOIS}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1657 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She 
died about 1696 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Claude DUGAST and Marie-Francoise BOURGEOIS had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 193\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v DUGAST, Marie-Marguerite}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marie-Marguerite DUGAST.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 388.  {\xe {\v
GRANGER, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre GRANGER}\f0\fs24  was born in 1670 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  He died on Jan 17 1736/37 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24
  He was married to Elizabeth GUILBEAU in 1693 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 389.  {\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Elizabeth}}{\b\f1\fs24 Elizabeth GUILBEAU}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1675 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She 
died after 1713 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Pierre GRANGER and Elizabeth GUILBEAU had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GRANGER, Elizabeth}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Elizabeth GRANGER}\f0\fs24  was born about 1694 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v GRANGER, Charles}}{\b\f1\fs24 Charles GRANGER}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1695 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 
194\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v GRANGER, Joseph}}{\b\f1\fs24 Joseph GRANGER.}\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v GRANGER, Cecile}}{\b\f1\fs24 Cecile GRANGER}\f0\fs24  was born in 1706 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v GRANGER, Anne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Anne GRANGER}\f0\fs24  was born in 1713 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 392.  {\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Jean-Francois}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean-Francois BROUSSARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1653 in Anjou, Isere, France.\f0\fs24   He died on Dec 31 1716 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Catherine RICHARD in 1678 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 393.  {\xe {\v RICHARD, Catherine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine RICHARD}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1663 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  She died on Dec 31 1716 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Jean-Francois BROUSSARD and Catherine RICHARD had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Marie Madeleine}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Madeleine BROUSSARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1681 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre BROUSSARD}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1683 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
iii.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Marie Anne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Anne BROUSSARD}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1686 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
iv.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Catherine Josephe}}{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine Josephe BROUSSARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1690 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Elizabeth Isabelle}}{\b\f1\fs24 Elizabeth Isabelle BROUSSARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1693 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Francois}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francois BROUSSARD}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1695 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
vii.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Francoise}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francoise BROUSSARD}\f0\fs24 
 was born in 1696 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 196\tab
viii.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24 Claude BROUSSARD.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab
\tab ix.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Alexandre dit Beausoleil}}{\b\f1\fs24 Alexandre dit Beausoleil BROUSSARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1699 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab x.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Joseph dit Beausoleil}}{\b\f1\fs24 Joseph dit Beausoleil BROUSSARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1702 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab xi.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Jean Baptiste}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Baptiste BROUSSARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1705 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\pard \par\f0\fs24 394.  {\xe {\v BABIN, Vincent}}{\b\f1\fs24 Vincent BABIN}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1665 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   He died after 1728 in most likely Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Anne THERIOT before 1689 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 395.  {\xe {\v THERIOT, Anne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Anne THERIOT}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1672 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She died after 1755 in Virginia.\f0\fs24
  Vincent BABIN and Anne THERIOT had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Jean}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean BABIN}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1689 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab 
ii.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie BABIN}\f0\fs24  was born in 1690 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Marie Joseph Vincent}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Joseph Vincent BABIN}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1692 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab 
iv.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine BABIN}\f0\fs24  was born in 1698 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 197\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Ann}}{\b\f1\fs24 Ann BABIN.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab
\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Paul}}{\b\f1\fs24 Paul BABIN}\f0\fs24  was born in 1704 in Donaldsonville, Ascension Parish, LA.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Marie Claire}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Claire BABIN}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1706 in Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab viii.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Cecil}}{\b\f1\fs24 Cecil BABIN}\f0\fs24  was born in 1709 in Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ix.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Joseph}}{\b\f1\fs24 Joseph BABIN}\f0\fs24  was born in 1713 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab x.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Jean Baptiste}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Baptiste BABIN}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1720 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\pard \par\f0\fs24 396.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Germain}}{\b\f1\fs24 Germain LANDRY}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1674 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   He died after 1710 in most likely Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie Madeleine MELANSON before 1695 in most likely Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 397.  {\xe {\v MELANSON, Marie Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Madeleine MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1673 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She 
died in 1714 in most likely Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Germain LANDRY and Marie Madeleine MELANSON had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Alexandre}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Alexandre LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1695 in Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 104\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Abraham dit Chaques}}{\b\f1\fs24 Abraham dit Chaques LANDRY.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Germain}}{\b\f1\fs24 Germain LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1706 in Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Paul}}{\b\f1\fs24 Paul LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1708 in most likely Pisiguit, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 398.  {\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Martin}}{\b\f1\fs24 Martin BLANCHARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1647 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   He died in 1717 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Marguerite GUILBEAU about 1686 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 399.  {\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite GUILBEAU}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1668 in Cobequid, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She 
died after 1700 in most likely Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Martin BLANCHARD and Marguerite GUILBEAU had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Marguerite}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1689 in Cobequid, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1692 in Cobequid, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab 
iii.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Martin}}{\b\f1\fs24 Martin BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1693 in Cobequid, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Joseph}}{\b\f1\fs24 Joseph BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1694 in Cobequid, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 105\tab
v.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Marie Isabelle}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Isabelle BLANCHARD.}\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 416.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Rene dit LeJeune}}{\b\f1\fs24 Rene dit LeJeune LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1634 in La Chausson, Loudon, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   He 
died in 1686 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie BERNARD before 1660 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 417.  {\xe {\v BERNARD, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie BERNARD}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1645 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She died in 1719 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Rene dit LeJeune LANDRY and Marie BERNARD had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Antoine}}{\b
\f1\fs24 Antoine LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1660 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Madeleine Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine Marguerite LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1660 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab 
iii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24 Claude LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1663 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Cecile}}{\b\f1\fs24 Cecile LANDRY}\f0\fs24 
 was born in 1664 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v
LANDRY, Jehan}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jehan LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1666 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Marie C}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie C LANDRY}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1668 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v
LANDRY, Rene}}{\b\f1\fs24 Rene LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1670 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 208\tab viii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Germain}}{\b\f1\fs24 Germain LANDRY.}\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ix.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Jeanne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne LANDRY}\f0\fs24 
 was born in 1676 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab x.\tab{\xe {\v
LANDRY, Abraham}}{\b\f1\fs24 Abraham LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1678 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 418.  {\xe {\v MELANSON, Pierre dit Laverdure}}{\b\f1\fs24
Pierre dit Laverdure MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born in 1632 in Yorkeshire, England.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1714 in St. Charles aux Mines, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie Marguerite Muis D'ENTREMONT about 1665 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 419.  {\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Marie Marguerite Muis}}{\b\f1\fs24 
Marie Marguerite Muis D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1649 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  She died in 1723 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Pierre dit Laverdure MELANSON and Marie Marguerite Muis D'ENTREMONT had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Phillippe Charles}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Phillippe Charles MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born in 1666 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Cecile}}{\b\f1\fs24 Cecile MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1668 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
iii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Pierre "Pedro"}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre "Pedro" MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1670 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 209\tab
iv.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Marie Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Madeleine MELANSON.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1676 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v
MELANSON, Isabelle Elizabeth}}{\b\f1\fs24 Isabelle Elizabeth MELANSON}\f0\fs24  
was born in 1679 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 192\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v
MELANSON, Jean-Dominique}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean-Dominique MELANSON.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
viii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine MELANSON}\f0\fs24  
was born on Mar 13 1683/84 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ix.\tab{\xe {\v
MELANSON, Anne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Anne MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born in 1686 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab x.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Paul}}{\b\f1\fs24 Paul MELANSON}\f0\fs24  
was born in 1691 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 420.  {\xe {\v
BLANCHARD, Jean}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1611 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1650 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Radegonde LAMBERT before 1643 in most likely Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 421.  {\xe {\v LAMBERT, Radegonde}}{\b\f1\fs24 Radegonde LAMBERT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1621 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1650 in Beaubassin, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Jean BLANCHARD and Radegonde LAMBERT had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Madeleine Marie}}{\b
\f1\fs24 Madeleine Marie BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1643.\f0\fs24   She died in 1686 in most likely Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Anne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Anne BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1645 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 210\tab iii.\tab
{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Martin}}{\b\f1\fs24 Martin BLANCHARD.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab 
iv.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Guillaume}}{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24  
was born in 1650 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 
422.  {\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre GUILBEAU}\f0\fs24  was born in 1639 in La Rochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24
  He died on Nov 17 1703 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24
  He was married to Catherine THERIOT in 1668 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 423.  {\xe {\v THERIOT, Catherine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine THERIOT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1650 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She 
died on Jul 21 1713 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Pierre GUILBEAU and Catherine THERIOT had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 211\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Marguerite}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite GUILBEAU.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Jeanne}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne GUILBEAU}\f0\fs24  was born in 1670 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 389\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Elizabeth}}{\b\f1\fs24 Elizabeth GUILBEAU.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Marie Josephe}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Josephe GUILBEAU}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1682 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\par
\pard\page \par{\b\f3\fs28 TENTH GENERATION\par \par}\f0\fs24 768.  {\xe {\v LAVERDURE, Pierre}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre LAVERDURE}\f0\fs24  was born in 1608 in England.\f0\fs24   He 
died in 1676 in Boston, Suffolk County, MA.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Priscilla MELANSON about 1630 in Yorkeshire, England.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 769.  {\xe {\v MELANSON, Priscilla}}{\b\f1\fs24 Priscilla MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1602 in Yorkeshire, England.\f0\fs24   She died in 1691 in Boston, Suffolk County, MA.\f0\fs24
  Pierre LAVERDURE and Priscilla MELANSON had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 384\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Pierre dit Laverdure}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre dit Laverdure MELANSON.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v 
MELANSON, Charles Ramee Laverdure}}{\b\f1\fs24 Charles Ramee Laverdure MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1643 in Yorkeshire, England.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v 
MELANSON, Jean Laverdure}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Laverdure MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born in 1651 in Yorkeshire, England.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 770.  {\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Phillippe Mius}}{\b\f1\fs24 Phillippe Mius D'ENTREMONT}
\f0\fs24  was born on Nov 14 1601 in Cherbourg, Manche, St. Trinite, France.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1700 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to Madeleine du Tillet HELIE in 1648 in Calvados, France.\f0\fs24 \par
\par\f0\fs24 771.  {\xe {\v HELIE, Madeleine du Tillet}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine du Tillet HELIE}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1626 in Cherbourg, Manche, St. Trinite, France.\f0\fs24   She 
died in 1697 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Phillippe Mius D'ENTREMONT and Madeleine du Tillet HELIE had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 385\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Marie Marguerite Muis}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Marguerite Muis D'ENTREMONT.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v
D'ENTREMONT, Jacques de Pobomcoup Mius}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques de Pobomcoup Mius D'ENTREMONT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1654 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Abraham de Pleinmarais Muis}}{\b\f1\fs24
Abraham de Pleinmarais Muis D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1658 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Pierre Mius}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre Mius D'ENTREMONT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1659 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Madeleine Muis}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine Muis D'ENTREMONT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1665 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 772.  {\xe {\v DUGAST, Abraham}}{\b\f1\fs24 Abraham DUGAST}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1616 in Toulouse, France.\f0\fs24   He died in 1698 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Marguerite Louise Judith DOUCET about 1650 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 773.  {\xe {\v DOUCET, Marguerite Louise Judith}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite Louise Judith DOUCET}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1634 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She 
died on Dec 19 1707 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Abraham DUGAST and Marguerite Louise Judith DOUCET had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v DUGAST, Marie-Jeanne}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marie-Jeanne DUGAST}\f0\fs24  was born in 1650 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 386\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v DUGAST, Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24 Claude DUGAST.}\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v DUGAST, Marie-Anne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie-Anne DUGAST}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1654 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
iv.\tab{\xe {\v DUGAST, Martin}}{\b\f1\fs24 Martin DUGAST}\f0\fs24  was born in 1656 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v DUGAST, Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite DUGAST}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1657 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
vi.\tab{\xe {\v DUGAST, Abraham}}{\b\f1\fs24 Abraham DUGAST}\f0\fs24  was born in 1661 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v DUGAST, Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine DUGAST}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1664 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
viii.\tab{\xe {\v DUGAST, Anne-Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Anne-Marie DUGAST}\f0\fs24  was born in 1665 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 774.  {\xe {\v BOURGEOIS, Jacques}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques BOURGEOIS}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1621 in de Coupvray-en-brie-Champagne, France.\f0\fs24   He 
died in 1710 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Jeanne TRAHAN in 1646 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 775.  {\xe {\v TRAHAN, Jeanne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne TRAHAN}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1630 in Bourgeuil, France.\f0\fs24   She died in 1716 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Jacques BOURGEOIS and Jeanne TRAHAN had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 387\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BOURGEOIS, Marie-Francoise}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marie-Francoise BOURGEOIS.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 776.  {\xe {\v
GRANGER, Laurent}}{\b\f1\fs24 Laurent GRANGER}\f0\fs24  was born about 1643 in Plymouth, Devon, England.\f0\fs24
  He died about 1702 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24 
  He was married to Marie LANDRY about 1667 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 777.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie LANDRY}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1646 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She died on Oct 26 1719 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Laurent GRANGER and Marie LANDRY had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GRANGER, Marie Marguerite}}{\b
\f1\fs24 Marie Marguerite GRANGER}\f0\fs24  was born in 1668 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 388\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v GRANGER, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre GRANGER.}\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 778.  {\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre GUILBEAU}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1639 in La Rochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24   He died on Nov 17 1703 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Catherine THERIOT in 1668 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 779.  {\xe {\v THERIOT, Catherine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine THERIOT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1650 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She 
died on Jul 21 1713 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Pierre GUILBEAU and Catherine THERIOT had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 211\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Marguerite}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite GUILBEAU.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Jeanne}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne GUILBEAU}\f0\fs24  was born in 1670 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 389\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Elizabeth}}{\b\f1\fs24 Elizabeth GUILBEAU.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Marie Josephe}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Josephe GUILBEAU}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1682 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\pard \par\f0\fs24 784.  {\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Isaac Urbin}}{\b\f1\fs24 Isaac Urbin BROUSSARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1634 in La Fleche, France.\f0\fs24   He died on Apr 10 1710 in France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Urbaine Hodaiu DIONET about 1650 in France.\f0\fs24 
\par \par\f0\fs24 785.  {\xe {\v DIONET, Urbaine Hodaiu}}{\b\f1\fs24 Urbaine Hodaiu DIONET}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1635 in La Fleche, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1653 in France.\f0\fs24
  Isaac Urbin BROUSSARD and Urbaine Hodaiu DIONET had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 392\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Jean-Francois}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean-Francois BROUSSARD.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 786.  {\xe {\v
RICHARD, Michel dit Sansoucy Rene}}{\b\f1\fs24 Michel dit Sansoucy Rene RICHARD}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1630 in Saintonge, France.\f0\fs24   He died in 1687 in most likely Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Madeleine Marie BLANCHARD before 1661 in most likely Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 787.  {\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Madeleine Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine Marie BLANCHARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1643.\f0\fs24   She died in 1686 in most likely Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Michel dit Sansoucy Rene RICHARD and Madeleine Marie BLANCHARD had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v RICHARD, Michael}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Michael RICHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1661 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v RICHARD, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre RICHARD}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1661 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 393\tab
iii.\tab{\xe {\v RICHARD, Catherine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine RICHARD.}\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v RICHARD, Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite RICHARD}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1664 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
v.\tab{\xe {\v RICHARD, Cecile}}{\b\f1\fs24 Cecile RICHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1665 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v RICHARD, Martin}}{\b\f1\fs24 Martin RICHARD}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1665 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
vii.\tab{\xe {\v RICHARD, Alexandre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Alexandre RICHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1668 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab viii.\tab{\xe {\v RICHARD, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie RICHARD}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1670 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
ix.\tab{\xe {\v RICHARD, Anne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Anne RICHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1670 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab x.\tab{\xe {\v RICHARD, Madeline}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeline RICHARD}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1671 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\pard 
\par\f0\fs24 788.  {\xe {\v BABIN, Antoine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Antoine BABIN}\f0\fs24  
was born about 1625 in La Chausse, Loudon, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   He died about 1700 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie MERCIER in 1660 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 789.  {\xe {\v MERCIER, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie MERCIER}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1640 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She died about 1713 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Antoine BABIN and Marie MERCIER had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie BABIN}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1661 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
ii.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Charles}}{\b\f1\fs24 Charles BABIN}\f0\fs24  was born about 1664 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 394\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Vincent}}{\b\f1\fs24 Vincent BABIN.}\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Jeanne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne BABIN}\f0\fs24  was born about 1668 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite BABIN}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1670 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab vi.\tab
{\xe {\v BABIN, Catherine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine BABIN}\f0\fs24  was born about 1672 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Anne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Anne BABIN}\f0\fs24  was born about 1674 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab viii.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Antoine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Antoine BABIN}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1676 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ix.\tab
{\xe {\v BABIN, Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine BABIN}\f0\fs24  was born about 1678 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab x.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Francoise}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francoise BABIN}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1680 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab xi.\tab
{\xe {\v BABIN, Jean}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean BABIN}\f0\fs24  was born about 1684 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 790.  {\xe {\v THERIOT, Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24 Claude THERIOT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1637 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   He 
died on Sep 17 1725 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24 
  He was married to Marie Francoise GAUTREAUX before 1662 in most likely Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 791.  {\xe {\v GAUTREAUX, Marie Francoise}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Francoise GAUTREAUX}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1647 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She 
died on Nov 29 1732 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Claude THERIOT and Marie Francoise GAUTREAUX had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Germain}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Germain THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1662 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie THERIOT}\f0\fs24 
 was born in 1665 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v
THERIOT, Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1667 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Jean}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1670 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 395\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Anne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Anne THERIOT.}\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Jeanne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne THERIOT}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1674 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v
THERIOT, Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24 Claude THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1678 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab viii.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie THERIOT}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1679 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ix.\tab{\xe {\v
THERIOT, Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1681 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab x.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre THERIOT}\f0\fs24 
 was born in 1684 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab xi.\tab{\xe {\v
THERIOT, Elizabeth Isabelle}}{\b\f1\fs24 Elizabeth Isabelle THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1685 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab xii.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Joseph}}{\b\f1\fs24 Joseph THERIOT}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1687 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab xiii.\tab{\xe {\v
THERIOT, Marie Josephe}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Josephe THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1690 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab xiv.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite THERIOT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1693 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par
\f0\fs24 792.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Rene dit LeJeune}}{\b\f1\fs24 Rene dit LeJeune LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1634 in La Chausson, Loudon, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   He 
died in 1686 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie BERNARD before 1660 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 793.  {\xe {\v BERNARD, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie BERNARD}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1645 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She died in 1719 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Rene dit LeJeune LANDRY and Marie BERNARD had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Antoine}}{\b
\f1\fs24 Antoine LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1660 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Madeleine Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine Marguerite LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1660 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab 
iii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24 Claude LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1663 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Cecile}}{\b\f1\fs24 Cecile LANDRY}\f0\fs24 
 was born in 1664 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v
LANDRY, Jehan}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jehan LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1666 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Marie C}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie C LANDRY}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1668 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v
LANDRY, Rene}}{\b\f1\fs24 Rene LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1670 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 208\tab viii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Germain}}{\b\f1\fs24 Germain LANDRY.}\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ix.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Jeanne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne LANDRY}\f0\fs24 
 was born in 1676 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab x.\tab{\xe {\v
LANDRY, Abraham}}{\b\f1\fs24 Abraham LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1678 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 794.  {\xe {\v MELANSON, Pierre dit Laverdure}}{\b\f1\fs24
Pierre dit Laverdure MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born in 1632 in Yorkeshire, England.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1714 in St. Charles aux Mines, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie Marguerite Muis D'ENTREMONT about 1665 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 795.  {\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Marie Marguerite Muis}}{\b\f1\fs24 
Marie Marguerite Muis D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1649 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  She died in 1723 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Pierre dit Laverdure MELANSON and Marie Marguerite Muis D'ENTREMONT had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Phillippe Charles}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Phillippe Charles MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born in 1666 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Cecile}}{\b\f1\fs24 Cecile MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1668 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
iii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Pierre "Pedro"}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre "Pedro" MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1670 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 209\tab
iv.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Marie Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Madeleine MELANSON.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1676 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v
MELANSON, Isabelle Elizabeth}}{\b\f1\fs24 Isabelle Elizabeth MELANSON}\f0\fs24  
was born in 1679 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 192\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v
MELANSON, Jean-Dominique}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean-Dominique MELANSON.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab
viii.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine MELANSON}\f0\fs24  
was born on Mar 13 1683/84 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ix.\tab{\xe {\v
MELANSON, Anne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Anne MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born in 1686 in Grand Pre, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab x.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Paul}}{\b\f1\fs24 Paul MELANSON}\f0\fs24  
was born in 1691 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 796.  {\xe {\v
BLANCHARD, Jean}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1611 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1650 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Radegonde LAMBERT before 1643 in most likely Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 797.  {\xe {\v LAMBERT, Radegonde}}{\b\f1\fs24 Radegonde LAMBERT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1621 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1650 in Beaubassin, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Jean BLANCHARD and Radegonde LAMBERT had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 787\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Madeleine Marie}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine Marie BLANCHARD.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Anne}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Anne BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1645 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 210\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Martin}}{\b\f1\fs24 Martin BLANCHARD.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Guillaume}}{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume BLANCHARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1650 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par
\f0\fs24 798.  {\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre GUILBEAU}\f0\fs24  
was born in 1639 in La Rochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24   He died on Nov 17 1703 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Catherine THERIOT in 1668 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 799.  {\xe {\v THERIOT, Catherine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine THERIOT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1650 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She 
died on Jul 21 1713 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Pierre GUILBEAU and Catherine THERIOT had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 211\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Marguerite}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite GUILBEAU.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Jeanne}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne GUILBEAU}\f0\fs24  was born in 1670 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 389\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Elizabeth}}{\b\f1\fs24 Elizabeth GUILBEAU.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Marie Josephe}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Josephe GUILBEAU}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1682 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\pard \par\f0\fs24 832.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Jean Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Claude LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1593 in La Ventrouze, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24   He 
died in 1671 in La Ventrouze, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie SALLE before 1634 in La Chausse, Loudon, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 833.  {\xe {\v SALLE, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie SALLE}\f0\fs24 
 was born in 1600 in Cougnes, LaRochelle, Annis, France.\f0\fs24   She died in 1693 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Jean Claude LANDRY and Marie SALLE had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 416\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Rene dit LeJeune}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Rene dit LeJeune LANDRY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 834.  {\xe {\v
BERNARD, Andre D'Alnay di Bourjoli}}{\b\f1\fs24 Andre D'Alnay di Bourjoli BERNARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1615 in Beauvior-sur-mer-Vendee, France.\f0\fs24   He died in 1651 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie-Andree du Buisson GUYON in 1642 in France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 835.  {\xe {\v GUYON, Marie-Andree du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie-Andree du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Jan 29 1626/27 in Vendee, France.\f0\fs24   She died in 1680 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Andre D'Alnay di Bourjoli BERNARD and Marie-Andree du Buisson GUYON had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BERNARD, Jeanne}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne BERNARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1643 in most likely France.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 417\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v BERNARD, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie BERNARD.}\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 836.  {\xe {\v LAVERDURE, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre LAVERDURE}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1608 in England.\f0\fs24   He died in 1676 in Boston, Suffolk County, MA.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Priscilla MELANSON about 1630 in Yorkeshire, England.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 837.  {\xe {\v MELANSON, Priscilla}}{\b\f1\fs24 Priscilla MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1602 in Yorkeshire, England.\f0\fs24   She died in 1691 in Boston, Suffolk County, MA.\f0\fs24
  Pierre LAVERDURE and Priscilla MELANSON had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 384\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Pierre dit Laverdure}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre dit Laverdure MELANSON.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v 
MELANSON, Charles Ramee Laverdure}}{\b\f1\fs24 Charles Ramee Laverdure MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1643 in Yorkeshire, England.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v 
MELANSON, Jean Laverdure}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Laverdure MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born in 1651 in Yorkeshire, England.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 838.  {\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Phillippe Mius}}{\b\f1\fs24 Phillippe Mius D'ENTREMONT}
\f0\fs24  was born on Nov 14 1601 in Cherbourg, Manche, St. Trinite, France.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1700 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to Madeleine du Tillet HELIE in 1648 in Calvados, France.\f0\fs24 \par
\par\f0\fs24 839.  {\xe {\v HELIE, Madeleine du Tillet}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine du Tillet HELIE}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1626 in Cherbourg, Manche, St. Trinite, France.\f0\fs24   She 
died in 1697 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Phillippe Mius D'ENTREMONT and Madeleine du Tillet HELIE had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 385\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Marie Marguerite Muis}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Marguerite Muis D'ENTREMONT.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v
D'ENTREMONT, Jacques de Pobomcoup Mius}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques de Pobomcoup Mius D'ENTREMONT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1654 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Abraham de Pleinmarais Muis}}{\b\f1\fs24
Abraham de Pleinmarais Muis D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1658 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Pierre Mius}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre Mius D'ENTREMONT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1659 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Madeleine Muis}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine Muis D'ENTREMONT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1665 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 840.  {\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Guillaume}}{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume BLANCHARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1590 in La Chausse, Loudon, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   He died on Jun 17 1650 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Huguette POIRIER before 1610 in France.\f0\fs24 \par
\par\f0\fs24 841.  {\xe {\v POIRIER, Huguette}}{\b\f1\fs24 Huguette POIRIER}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1590 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   She died in 1671 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Guillaume BLANCHARD and Huguette POIRIER had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 420\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Jean}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean BLANCHARD.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 842.  {\xe {\v LAMBERT, Jehan}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jehan LAMBERT}\f0\fs24  was born about 1590 in most likely France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1621 in most likely France.\f0\fs24   He was also known as Jean.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Micmac Woman LAMBERT before 1621 in most likely Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 843.  {\xe {\v LAMBERT, Micmac Woman}}{\b\f1\fs24 Micmac Woman LAMBERT}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1590 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She died after 1621 in most likely France.\f0\fs24
  Jehan LAMBERT and Micmac Woman LAMBERT had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 421\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LAMBERT, Radegonde}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Radegonde LAMBERT.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 844.  {\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Moise}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Moise GUILBEAU}\f0\fs24  was born about 1615 in France.\f0\fs24   He 
died after 1639 in La Rochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to (FN/MN ??) GUILBEAU about 1638 in France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 845.  {\xe {\v GUILBEAU, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) GUILBEAU}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1620 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1639 in La Rochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24
  Moise GUILBEAU and (FN/MN ??) GUILBEAU had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 422\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Pierre}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre GUILBEAU.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 846.  {\xe {\v THERIOT, Jehan}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jehan THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1601 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1686 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   He was also known as Jean.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Perinne RAU before 1637 in most likely Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 847.  {\xe {\v RAU, Perinne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Perinne RAU}\f0\fs24 
 was born in 1611 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   She died in 1672 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Jehan THERIOT and Perinne RAU had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 790\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24
Claude THERIOT.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Jean}}{\b\f1\fs24 
Jean THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1638 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Bonaventure}}{\b\f1\fs24 Bonaventure THERIOT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1641 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Jeanne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1644 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Germain}}{\b\f1\fs24 Germain THERIOT}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1646 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 423\tab
vi.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Catherine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine THERIOT.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab
\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1655 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\pard\page \par{\b\f3\fs28 ELEVENTH GENERATION\par \par}\f0\fs24 1540.  {\xe {\v
D'ENTREMONT, Baron Claude Antoine Muis de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Baron Claude Antoine Muis de D'ENTREMONT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1565 in France.\f0\fs24   He died in 1662 in Savoy, France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de COLIGNY on Nov 30 1600 in Normandy, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1541.  {\xe {\v COLIGNY, Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1572 in Savoy, France.\f0\fs24
  She died in 1666 in Savoy, France.\f0\fs24   Baron Claude Antoine Muis de D'ENTREMONT and Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de COLIGNY had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 770\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Phillippe Mius}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Phillippe Mius D'ENTREMONT.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1542.  {\xe {\v
HELIE, Jacques du Tillet}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques du Tillet HELIE}\f0\fs24  was born about 1600 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1626 in Cherbourg, Manche, St. Trinite, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24 
  He was married to Francoise FAUCON about 1625 in Cherbourg, Manche, St. Trinite, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1543.  {\xe {\v FAUCON, Francoise}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francoise FAUCON}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1605 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1626 in Cherbourg, Manche, St. Trinite, France.\f0\fs24
  Jacques du Tillet HELIE and Francoise FAUCON had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 771\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v HELIE, Madeleine du Tillet}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine du Tillet HELIE.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1544.  {\xe {\v
DUGAST, Abraham}}{\b\f1\fs24 Abraham DUGAST}\f0\fs24  was born in 1590 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1689 in Toulouse, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Marguerite CARSONNE about 1610 in Toulouse, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1545.  {\xe {\v CARSONNE, Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite CARSONNE}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1595 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1616 in Toulouse, France.\f0\fs24
  Abraham DUGAST and Marguerite CARSONNE had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 772\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v DUGAST, Abraham}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Abraham DUGAST.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1546.  {\xe {\v DOUCET, Germain dit Laverdure}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Germain dit Laverdure DOUCET}\f0\fs24  was born in 1595 in Parish of Conflans, Brye, France.\f0\fs24
  He died about 1686 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24 
  He was married to Marie BOURGEOIS about 1620 in Brie, France.\f0\fs24 \par \par
\f0\fs24 1547.  {\xe {\v BOURGEOIS, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie BOURGEOIS}\f0\fs24 
 was born in 1597 in Coutran, LaFerte-Gaucher, Champagne, France.\f0\fs24   She 
died about 1695 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Germain dit Laverdure DOUCET and Marie BOURGEOIS had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v DOUCET, Pierre dit Laverdure}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre dit Laverdure DOUCET}\f0\fs24  was born in 1621 in Champagne, France.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 773\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v DOUCET, Marguerite Louise Judith}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite Louise Judith DOUCET.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v DOUCET, Germain}}{\b\f1\fs24 Germain DOUCET}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1641 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\pard \par\f0\fs24 1548.  {\xe {\v BOURGEOIS, Jacob}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jacob BOURGEOIS}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1598 in Champagne, France.\f0\fs24   He died after 1625 in Champagne, France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to (FN ??) BOURGOIS about 1619 in France.\f0\fs24 \par 
\par\f0\fs24 1549.  {\xe {\v BOURGOIS, (FN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN ??) BOURGOIS}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1602 in Champagne, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1621 in Champagne, France.\f0\fs24
  Jacob BOURGEOIS and (FN ??) BOURGOIS had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 774\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BOURGEOIS, Jacques}}{\b\f1\fs24
Jacques BOURGEOIS.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1550.  {\xe {\v TRAHAN, Guillaume}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume TRAHAN}\f0\fs24  was born in 1611 in St. Germain, Bourgeil, Indre-et-Loire, France.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1682 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to Francoise CHARBONNEAU in 1630 in France.\f0\fs24 \par \par\f0\fs24
1551.  {\xe {\v CHARBONNEAU, Francoise}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francoise CHARBONNEAU}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1615 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1636 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Guillaume TRAHAN and Francoise CHARBONNEAU had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 775\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v TRAHAN, Jeanne}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne TRAHAN.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1554.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Rene}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Rene LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1618 in Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   He 
died in 1686 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Perinne BOURG about 1639 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1555.  {\xe {\v BOURG, Perinne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Perinne BOURG}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1620 in Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1662 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Rene LANDRY and Perinne BOURG had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Rene L'Aine}}{\b\f1\fs24
Rene L'Aine LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1640 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 777\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie LANDRY.}\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24 Claude LANDRY}\f0\fs24 
 was born in 1648 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\pard 
\par\f0\fs24 1556.  {\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Moise}}{\b\f1\fs24 Moise GUILBEAU}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1615 in France.\f0\fs24   He died after 1639 in La Rochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to (FN/MN ??) GUILBEAU about 1638 in France.\f0\fs24 \par
\par\f0\fs24 1557.  {\xe {\v GUILBEAU, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) GUILBEAU}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1620 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1639 in La Rochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24
  Moise GUILBEAU and (FN/MN ??) GUILBEAU had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 422\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Pierre}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre GUILBEAU.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1558.  {\xe {\v THERIOT, Jehan}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jehan THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1601 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1686 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   He was also known as Jean.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Perinne RAU before 1637 in most likely Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1559.  {\xe {\v RAU, Perinne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Perinne RAU}\f0\fs24 
 was born in 1611 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   She died in 1672 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Jehan THERIOT and Perinne RAU had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 790\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24
Claude THERIOT.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Jean}}{\b\f1\fs24 
Jean THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1638 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Bonaventure}}{\b\f1\fs24 Bonaventure THERIOT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1641 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Jeanne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1644 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Germain}}{\b\f1\fs24 Germain THERIOT}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1646 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 423\tab
vi.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Catherine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine THERIOT.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab
\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1655 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1568.  {\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Maturin}}{\b\f1\fs24 Maturin BROUSSARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1598 in France.\f0\fs24   He died after 1634 in La Fleche, France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Michelle BIDAULT about 1630 in La Fleche, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1569.  {\xe {\v BIDAULT, Michelle}}{\b\f1\fs24 Michelle BIDAULT}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1605 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1634 in France.\f0\fs24
  Maturin BROUSSARD and Michelle BIDAULT had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 784\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Isaac Urbin}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Isaac Urbin BROUSSARD.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1570.  {\xe {\v
DIONET, Sebastian Hodiau}}{\b\f1\fs24 Sebastian Hodiau DIONET}\f0\fs24  was born about 1615 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1635 in La Fleche, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie le MOUSNIER about 1630 in France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1571.  {\xe {\v MOUSNIER, Marie le}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie le MOUSNIER}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1611 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1635 in France.\f0\fs24
  Sebastian Hodiau DIONET and Marie le MOUSNIER had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 785\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v DIONET, Urbaine Hodaiu}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Urbaine Hodaiu DIONET.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1572.  {\xe {\v
RICHARD, Andre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Andre RICHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1608.\f0\fs24   He 
died between 1633 and 1693.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to (FN/MN ??) RICHARD before 1630 in most likely Saintonge, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1573.  {\xe {\v RICHARD, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) RICHARD}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1610.\f0\fs24   She died after 1630.\f0\fs24   Andre RICHARD and (FN/MN ??) RICHARD had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 786\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v RICHARD, Michel dit Sansoucy Rene}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Michel dit Sansoucy Rene RICHARD.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1574.  {\xe {\v
BLANCHARD, Jean}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1611 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1650 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Radegonde LAMBERT before 1643 in most likely Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1575.  {\xe {\v LAMBERT, Radegonde}}{\b\f1\fs24 Radegonde LAMBERT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1621 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1650 in Beaubassin, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Jean BLANCHARD and Radegonde LAMBERT had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 787\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Madeleine Marie}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine Marie BLANCHARD.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Anne}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Anne BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1645 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 210\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Martin}}{\b\f1\fs24 Martin BLANCHARD.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Guillaume}}{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume BLANCHARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1650 in Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par
\f0\fs24 1576.  {\xe {\v BABIN, Vincent}}{\b\f1\fs24 Vincent BABIN}\f0\fs24  was born about 1600 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1625 in La Chausse, Loudon, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to (FN/MN ??) BABIN before 1625 in France.\f0\fs24 \par \par\f0\fs24 
1577.  {\xe {\v BABIN, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) BABIN}\f0\fs24  was born about 1604 in France.\f0\fs24
  She died after 1625 in La Chausse, Loudon, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   Vincent BABIN and (FN/MN ??) BABIN had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 788\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BABIN, Antoine}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Antoine BABIN.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1578.  {\xe {\v MERCIER, Jehan}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jehan MERCIER}\f0\fs24  was born in 1600 in France.\f0\fs24   He died in 1650 in France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie Francoise GAUDET in 1640 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1579.  {\xe {\v GAUDET, Marie Francoise}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Francoise GAUDET}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1623 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   She died about 1700 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Jehan MERCIER and Marie Francoise GAUDET had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 789\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MERCIER, Marie}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marie MERCIER.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1580.  {\xe {\v THERIOT, Jehan}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jehan THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1601 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1686 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   He was also known as Jean.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Perinne RAU before 1637 in most likely Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1581.  {\xe {\v RAU, Perinne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Perinne RAU}\f0\fs24 
 was born in 1611 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   She died in 1672 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Jehan THERIOT and Perinne RAU had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 790\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24
Claude THERIOT.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Jean}}{\b\f1\fs24 
Jean THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1638 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Bonaventure}}{\b\f1\fs24 Bonaventure THERIOT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1641 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Jeanne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1644 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Germain}}{\b\f1\fs24 Germain THERIOT}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1646 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 423\tab
vi.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Catherine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine THERIOT.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab
\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1655 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1582.  {\xe {\v GAUTREAUX, Francois}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francois GAUTREAUX}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1613 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   He died after 1659 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Edmee LEJEUNE before 1645 in most likely Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1583.  {\xe {\v LEJEUNE, Edmee}}{\b\f1\fs24 Edmee LEJEUNE}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1624 in Micmac Village, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She 
died after 1659 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Francois GAUTREAUX and Edmee LEJEUNE had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GAUTREAUX, Marguerite}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite GAUTREAUX}\f0\fs24  was born in 1645 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 791\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v GAUTREAUX, Marie Francoise}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Francoise GAUTREAUX.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v GAUTREAUX, Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24 Claude GAUTREAUX}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1659 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\pard \par\f0\fs24 1584.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Jean Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Claude LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1593 in La Ventrouze, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24   He 
died in 1671 in La Ventrouze, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie SALLE before 1634 in La Chausse, Loudon, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1585.  {\xe {\v SALLE, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie SALLE}\f0\fs24 
 was born in 1600 in Cougnes, LaRochelle, Annis, France.\f0\fs24   She died in 1693 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Jean Claude LANDRY and Marie SALLE had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 416\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Rene dit LeJeune}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Rene dit LeJeune LANDRY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1586.  {\xe {\v
BERNARD, Andre D'Alnay di Bourjoli}}{\b\f1\fs24 Andre D'Alnay di Bourjoli BERNARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1615 in Beauvior-sur-mer-Vendee, France.\f0\fs24   He died in 1651 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie-Andree du Buisson GUYON in 1642 in France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1587.  {\xe {\v GUYON, Marie-Andree du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie-Andree du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Jan 29 1626/27 in Vendee, France.\f0\fs24   She died in 1680 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Andre D'Alnay di Bourjoli BERNARD and Marie-Andree du Buisson GUYON had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BERNARD, Jeanne}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne BERNARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1643 in most likely France.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 417\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v BERNARD, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie BERNARD.}\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1588.  {\xe {\v LAVERDURE, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre LAVERDURE}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1608 in England.\f0\fs24   He died in 1676 in Boston, Suffolk County, MA.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Priscilla MELANSON about 1630 in Yorkeshire, England.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1589.  {\xe {\v MELANSON, Priscilla}}{\b\f1\fs24 Priscilla MELANSON}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1602 in Yorkeshire, England.\f0\fs24   She died in 1691 in Boston, Suffolk County, MA.\f0\fs24
  Pierre LAVERDURE and Priscilla MELANSON had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 384\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MELANSON, Pierre dit Laverdure}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre dit Laverdure MELANSON.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v 
MELANSON, Charles Ramee Laverdure}}{\b\f1\fs24 Charles Ramee Laverdure MELANSON}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1643 in Yorkeshire, England.\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v 
MELANSON, Jean Laverdure}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Laverdure MELANSON}\f0\fs24  was born in 1651 in Yorkeshire, England.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1590.  {\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Phillippe Mius}}{\b\f1\fs24 
Phillippe Mius D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born on Nov 14 1601 in Cherbourg, Manche, St. Trinite, France.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1700 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to Madeleine du Tillet HELIE in 1648 in Calvados, France.\f0\fs24 \par
\par\f0\fs24 1591.  {\xe {\v HELIE, Madeleine du Tillet}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine du Tillet HELIE}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1626 in Cherbourg, Manche, St. Trinite, France.\f0\fs24   She 
died in 1697 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Phillippe Mius D'ENTREMONT and Madeleine du Tillet HELIE had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 385\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Marie Marguerite Muis}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Marguerite Muis D'ENTREMONT.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v
D'ENTREMONT, Jacques de Pobomcoup Mius}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques de Pobomcoup Mius D'ENTREMONT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1654 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Abraham de Pleinmarais Muis}}{\b\f1\fs24
Abraham de Pleinmarais Muis D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1658 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Pierre Mius}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre Mius D'ENTREMONT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1659 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Madeleine Muis}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine Muis D'ENTREMONT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1665 in Pobomcoup, Cape Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1592.  {\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Guillaume}}{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume BLANCHARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1590 in La Chausse, Loudon, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   He died on Jun 17 1650 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Huguette POIRIER before 1610 in France.\f0\fs24 \par
\par\f0\fs24 1593.  {\xe {\v POIRIER, Huguette}}{\b\f1\fs24 Huguette POIRIER}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1590 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   She died in 1671 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Guillaume BLANCHARD and Huguette POIRIER had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 420\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Jean}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean BLANCHARD.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1594.  {\xe {\v LAMBERT, Jehan}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jehan LAMBERT}\f0\fs24  was born about 1590 in most likely France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1621 in most likely France.\f0\fs24   He was also known as Jean.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Micmac Woman LAMBERT before 1621 in most likely Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1595.  {\xe {\v LAMBERT, Micmac Woman}}{\b\f1\fs24 Micmac Woman LAMBERT}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1590 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She died after 1621 in most likely France.\f0\fs24
  Jehan LAMBERT and Micmac Woman LAMBERT had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 421\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LAMBERT, Radegonde}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Radegonde LAMBERT.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1596.  {\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Moise}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Moise GUILBEAU}\f0\fs24  was born about 1615 in France.\f0\fs24   He 
died after 1639 in La Rochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to (FN/MN ??) GUILBEAU about 1638 in France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1597.  {\xe {\v GUILBEAU, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) GUILBEAU}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1620 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1639 in La Rochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24
  Moise GUILBEAU and (FN/MN ??) GUILBEAU had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 422\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GUILBEAU, Pierre}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre GUILBEAU.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1598.  {\xe {\v THERIOT, Jehan}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jehan THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1601 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1686 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   He was also known as Jean.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Perinne RAU before 1637 in most likely Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1599.  {\xe {\v RAU, Perinne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Perinne RAU}\f0\fs24 
 was born in 1611 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   She died in 1672 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Jehan THERIOT and Perinne RAU had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 790\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24
Claude THERIOT.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Jean}}{\b\f1\fs24 
Jean THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1638 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Bonaventure}}{\b\f1\fs24 Bonaventure THERIOT}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1641 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Jeanne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1644 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Germain}}{\b\f1\fs24 Germain THERIOT}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1646 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 423\tab
vi.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Catherine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine THERIOT.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab
\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v THERIOT, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre THERIOT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1655 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1664.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24 Claude LANDRY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1570 in France.\f0\fs24   He died after 1593 in La Ventrouze, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Jeanne DUGAST about 1590 in La Ventrouze, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1665.  {\xe {\v DUGAST, Jeanne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne DUGAST}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1573 in Nantes, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1593 in La Ventrouze, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
  Claude LANDRY and Jeanne DUGAST had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 832\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Jean Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24
Jean Claude LANDRY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1666.  {\xe {\v SALLE, Jean Denys}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Denys SALLE}\f0\fs24  was born in 1575 in Cougnes, LaRochelle, Annis, France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1665 in most likely France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Francoise ARNAUD before 1600 in France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1667.  {\xe {\v ARNAUD, Francoise}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francoise ARNAUD}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1576 in Cougnes, LaRochelle, Annis, France.\f0\fs24   She 
died after 1665 in most likely France.\f0\fs24   Jean Denys SALLE and Francoise ARNAUD had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 833\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v SALLE, Marie}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marie SALLE.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1668.  {\xe {\v BERNARD, Andre}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Andre BERNARD}\f0\fs24  was born about 1585 in St. Barthelimi, LaRochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1621 in France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie GOTREAU about 1609 in St. Barthelimi, LaRochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1669.  {\xe {\v GOTREAU, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie GOTREAU}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1585 in St. Barthelimi, LaRochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24   She 
died after 1616 in France.\f0\fs24   Andre BERNARD and Marie GOTREAU had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BERNARD, Louise}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Louise BERNARD}\f0\fs24  was born about 1611 in La Rochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v BERNARD, Nicholas}}{\b\f1\fs24 Nicholas BERNARD}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1613 in La Rochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 834\tab iii.\tab
{\xe {\v BERNARD, Andre D'Alnay di Bourjoli}}{\b\f1\fs24 Andre D'Alnay di Bourjoli BERNARD.}
\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1670.  {\xe {\v GUYON, Jean Marsolet Dion Sieur du Buisson}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Marsolet Dion Sieur du Buisson GUYON}\f0\fs24  was born on Sep 18 1592 in St. Aubin de Tourouvre, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
  He died on May 30 1663 in Beauport, Quebec, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Mathurine Madeleine Boule ROBIN on Jun 2 1615 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1671.  {\xe {\v ROBIN, Mathurine Madeleine Boule}}{\b\f1\fs24 
Mathurine Madeleine Boule ROBIN}\f0\fs24  was born in 1599 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
  She died on Apr 17 1662 in Beauport, Quebec, Canada.\f0\fs24   Jean Marsolet Dion Sieur du Buisson GUYON and Mathurine Madeleine Boule ROBIN had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Barbe Marie du Buisson}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Barbe Marie du Buisson GUYON}\f0\fs24  was born on Apr 18 1617 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Jean Dion Sieur du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Dion Sieur du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Aug 1 1620 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24 
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Simon du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Simon du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Aug 2 1621 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24 
\par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Marie Madeleine du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Madeleine du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Mar 18 1623/24 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 835\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Marie-Andree du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie-Andree du Buisson GUYON.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Claude du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Claude du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Apr 22 1629 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24 
\par\tab\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Denis du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Denis du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born in Jun 1631 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab viii.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Michel du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Michel du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Mar 3 1633/34 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ix.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Noel du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Noel du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Aug 27 1638 in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab
\tab x.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Francois du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francois du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Dec 7 1639 in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\pard
\par\f0\fs24 1676.  {\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Baron Claude Antoine Muis de}}{\b\f1\fs24
Baron Claude Antoine Muis de D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1565 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1662 in Savoy, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de COLIGNY on Nov 30 1600 in Normandy, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1677.  {\xe {\v COLIGNY, Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1572 in Savoy, France.\f0\fs24
  She died in 1666 in Savoy, France.\f0\fs24   Baron Claude Antoine Muis de D'ENTREMONT and Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de COLIGNY had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 770\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Phillippe Mius}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Phillippe Mius D'ENTREMONT.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1678.  {\xe {\v
HELIE, Jacques du Tillet}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques du Tillet HELIE}\f0\fs24  was born about 1600 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1626 in Cherbourg, Manche, St. Trinite, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24 
  He was married to Francoise FAUCON about 1625 in Cherbourg, Manche, St. Trinite, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 1679.  {\xe {\v FAUCON, Francoise}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francoise FAUCON}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1605 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1626 in Cherbourg, Manche, St. Trinite, France.\f0\fs24
  Jacques du Tillet HELIE and Francoise FAUCON had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 771\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v HELIE, Madeleine du Tillet}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine du Tillet HELIE.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1680.  {\xe {\v
BLANCHARD, Jean Guillaume}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Guillaume BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1540 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1590 in La Chausse, Loudon, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to Huclette GOUGERON about 1570 in France.\f0\fs24 \par \par\f0\fs24 
1681.  {\xe {\v GOUGERON, Huclette}}{\b\f1\fs24 Huclette GOUGERON}\f0\fs24  was born about 1545 in France.\f0\fs24
  She died after 1590 in La Chausse, Loudon, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   Jean Guillaume BLANCHARD and Huclette GOUGERON had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 840\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Guillaume}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume BLANCHARD.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 1682.  {\xe {\v 
POIRIER, Jehan}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jehan POIRIER}\f0\fs24 .  \f0\fs24 \par \par\f0\fs24 
1683.  {\xe {\v POIRIER, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) POIRIER}\f0\fs24 .  
Jehan POIRIER and (FN/MN ??) POIRIER had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 841\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v POIRIER, Huguette}}{\b\f1\fs24
Huguette POIRIER.}\f0\fs24\par\pard\page \par{\b\f3\fs28 TWELFTH GENERATION\par 
\par}\f0\fs24 3080.  {\xe {\v MUIS, Nicholas}}{\b\f1\fs24 Nicholas MUIS}\f0\fs24 
 was born about 1540 in Gryon, Switzerland.\f0\fs24   He died on Aug 24 1572 in Paris, Seine, France during the St. Valentine's Day Massacre.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Jeanne de MEUILLON about 1560 in France.\f0\fs24 \par
\par\f0\fs24 3081.  {\xe {\v MEUILLON, Jeanne de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne de MEUILLON}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1545 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1565 in France.\f0\fs24
  Nicholas MUIS and Jeanne de MEUILLON had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Charlotte Muis Mousche}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Charlotte Muis Mousche D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24 .  \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v
D'ENTREMONT, Louyse Muis Mousche}}{\b\f1\fs24 Louyse Muis Mousche D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24
.  \par\tab 1540\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Baron Claude Antoine Muis de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Baron Claude Antoine Muis de D'ENTREMONT.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24
3082.  {\xe {\v COLIGNY, Gaspard II de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Gaspard II de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24
 was born on Feb 16 1518/19 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24   He died on Aug 24 1572 in Paris, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Jacquelinet Montbel D'ENTREMONT on Mar 25 1571 in France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3083.  {\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Jacquelinet Montbel}}{\b\f1\fs24 
Jacquelinet Montbel D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1550 in Isere, Savoy, France.\f0\fs24
  She died on Jul 6 1600 in Geneva, Switzerland.\f0\fs24   Gaspard II de COLIGNY and Jacquelinet Montbel D'ENTREMONT had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 1541\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de COLIGNY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par
\f0\fs24 3094.  {\xe {\v BOURGEOIS, Nicholas Grandjean}}{\b\f1\fs24 Nicholas Grandjean BOURGEOIS}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1570 in Coutran, LaFerte-Gaucher, Champagne, France.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1621 in Couperans, Marne, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Marguerite BOURGEOIS about 1595 in Coutran, LaFerte-Gaucher, Champagne, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3095.  {\xe {\v BOURGEOIS, Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite BOURGEOIS}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1579 in Coutran, LaFerte-Gaucher, Champagne, France.\f0\fs24
  She died on Jan 12 1619/20 in Couperans, Marne, France.\f0\fs24   Nicholas Grandjean BOURGEOIS and Marguerite BOURGEOIS had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 1547\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BOURGEOIS, Marie}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marie BOURGEOIS.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v BOURGEOIS, Jacques}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques BOURGEOIS}\f0\fs24  was born on Jan 8 1619/20 in Couperans, Marne, France.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 3100.  {\xe {\v TRAHAN, Nicholas}}{\b\f1\fs24 Nicholas TRAHAN}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1588 in Montriel-Belley, Maine-et-Loire, France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1612 in France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Rene DESLOGES about 1608 in France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3101.  {\xe {\v DESLOGES, Rene}}{\b\f1\fs24 Rene DESLOGES}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1592 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1611 in France.\f0\fs24 
  Nicholas TRAHAN and Rene DESLOGES had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 1550\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v TRAHAN, Guillaume}}{\b\f1\fs24
Guillaume TRAHAN.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 3136.  {\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Guillaume}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume BROUSSARD}\f0\fs24  was born about 1570.\f0\fs24   He died after 1600 in France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie ST. FRANCIS about 1596 in France.\f0\fs24 \par
\par\f0\fs24 3137.  {\xe {\v ST. FRANCIS, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie ST. FRANCIS}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1580.\f0\fs24   She died after 1598 in France.\f0\fs24   Guillaume BROUSSARD and Marie ST. FRANCIS had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 1568\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Maturin}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Maturin BROUSSARD.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 3138.  {\xe {\v BIDAULT, Josias}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Josias BIDAULT}\f0\fs24  was born about 1580 in most likely France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1605 in France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Jeanne GILLER about 1600 in France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3139.  {\xe {\v GILLER, Jeanne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne GILLER}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1585.\f0\fs24   She died after 1606 in France.\f0\fs24   Josias BIDAULT and Jeanne GILLER had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 1569\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BIDAULT, Michelle}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Michelle BIDAULT.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 3148.  {\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Guillaume}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1590 in La Chausse, Loudon, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24
  He died on Jun 17 1650 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24
  He was married to Huguette POIRIER before 1610 in France.\f0\fs24 \par \par\f0\fs24
3149.  {\xe {\v POIRIER, Huguette}}{\b\f1\fs24 Huguette POIRIER}\f0\fs24  was born in 1590 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24
  She died in 1671 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   Guillaume BLANCHARD and Huguette POIRIER had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 420\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Jean}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean BLANCHARD.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 3150.  {\xe {\v LAMBERT, Jehan}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jehan LAMBERT}\f0\fs24  was born about 1590 in most likely France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1621 in most likely France.\f0\fs24   He was also known as Jean.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Micmac Woman LAMBERT before 1621 in most likely Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3151.  {\xe {\v LAMBERT, Micmac Woman}}{\b\f1\fs24 Micmac Woman LAMBERT}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1590 in Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24   She died after 1621 in most likely France.\f0\fs24
  Jehan LAMBERT and Micmac Woman LAMBERT had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 421\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LAMBERT, Radegonde}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Radegonde LAMBERT.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 3158.  {\xe {\v GAUDET, Jean}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean GAUDET}\f0\fs24  was born in 1575 in Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   He 
died after 1633 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to Nicole COLESON about 1620 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3159.  {\xe {\v COLESON, Nicole}}{\b\f1\fs24 Nicole COLESON}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1600 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1633 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  Jean GAUDET and Nicole COLESON had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 1579\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GAUDET, Marie Francoise}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Francoise GAUDET.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v GAUDET, Denis}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Denis GAUDET}\f0\fs24  was born in 1625 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v GAUDET, Marie Anne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Anne GAUDET}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1633 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\pard 
\par\f0\fs24 3166.  {\xe {\v LEJEUNE, Pierre}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre LEJEUNE}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1595 in Martaize, Loudun, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   He died in 1687 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Jeanne Marie KAGIGONIAC before 1624 in Port Royal, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3167.  {\xe {\v KAGIGONIAC, Jeanne Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne Marie KAGIGONIAC}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1610 in Micmac Village, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
  She died in 1699 in most likely Cape de Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
   She was a Micmac Indian Tribe Woman of the Abenaquis Indian Tribe and a full blooded Micmac Indian. "Kagigoniac" is believed to be a phonetic interpretation of her Micmac name.
  Pierre LEJEUNE and Jeanne Marie KAGIGONIAC had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 1583\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LEJEUNE, Edmee}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Edmee LEJEUNE.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v LEJEUNE, Pierre dit Briard}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre dit Briard LEJEUNE}\f0\fs24  was born in 1630 in Cape de Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v LEJEUNE, Catherine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine LEJEUNE}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1633 in Cape de Sable, Acadia, Nova Scotia, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\pard
\par\f0\fs24 3168.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24 Claude LANDRY}\f0\fs24 
 was born in 1570 in France.\f0\fs24   He died after 1593 in La Ventrouze, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Jeanne DUGAST about 1590 in La Ventrouze, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3169.  {\xe {\v DUGAST, Jeanne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne DUGAST}\f0\fs24
 was born in 1573 in Nantes, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1593 in La Ventrouze, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
  Claude LANDRY and Jeanne DUGAST had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 832\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Jean Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24
Jean Claude LANDRY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 3170.  {\xe {\v SALLE, Jean Denys}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Denys SALLE}\f0\fs24  was born in 1575 in Cougnes, LaRochelle, Annis, France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1665 in most likely France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Francoise ARNAUD before 1600 in France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3171.  {\xe {\v ARNAUD, Francoise}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francoise ARNAUD}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1576 in Cougnes, LaRochelle, Annis, France.\f0\fs24   She 
died after 1665 in most likely France.\f0\fs24   Jean Denys SALLE and Francoise ARNAUD had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 833\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v SALLE, Marie}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marie SALLE.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 3172.  {\xe {\v BERNARD, Andre}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Andre BERNARD}\f0\fs24  was born about 1585 in St. Barthelimi, LaRochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1621 in France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie GOTREAU about 1609 in St. Barthelimi, LaRochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3173.  {\xe {\v GOTREAU, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie GOTREAU}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1585 in St. Barthelimi, LaRochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24   She 
died after 1616 in France.\f0\fs24   Andre BERNARD and Marie GOTREAU had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BERNARD, Louise}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Louise BERNARD}\f0\fs24  was born about 1611 in La Rochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v BERNARD, Nicholas}}{\b\f1\fs24 Nicholas BERNARD}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1613 in La Rochelle, Aunis, France.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 834\tab iii.\tab
{\xe {\v BERNARD, Andre D'Alnay di Bourjoli}}{\b\f1\fs24 Andre D'Alnay di Bourjoli BERNARD.}
\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 3174.  {\xe {\v GUYON, Jean Marsolet Dion Sieur du Buisson}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Marsolet Dion Sieur du Buisson GUYON}\f0\fs24  was born on Sep 18 1592 in St. Aubin de Tourouvre, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
  He died on May 30 1663 in Beauport, Quebec, Canada.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Mathurine Madeleine Boule ROBIN on Jun 2 1615 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3175.  {\xe {\v ROBIN, Mathurine Madeleine Boule}}{\b\f1\fs24 
Mathurine Madeleine Boule ROBIN}\f0\fs24  was born in 1599 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
  She died on Apr 17 1662 in Beauport, Quebec, Canada.\f0\fs24   Jean Marsolet Dion Sieur du Buisson GUYON and Mathurine Madeleine Boule ROBIN had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Barbe Marie du Buisson}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Barbe Marie du Buisson GUYON}\f0\fs24  was born on Apr 18 1617 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Jean Dion Sieur du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Dion Sieur du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Aug 1 1620 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24 
\par\tab\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Simon du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Simon du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Aug 2 1621 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24 
\par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Marie Madeleine du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie Madeleine du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Mar 18 1623/24 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 835\tab v.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Marie-Andree du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie-Andree du Buisson GUYON.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab vi.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Claude du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Claude du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Apr 22 1629 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24 
\par\tab\tab vii.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Denis du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Denis du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born in Jun 1631 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24 \par
\tab\tab viii.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Michel du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Michel du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Mar 3 1633/34 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ix.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Noel du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Noel du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Aug 27 1638 in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\tab
\tab x.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Francois du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francois du Buisson GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born on Dec 7 1639 in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.\f0\fs24 \par\pard
\par\f0\fs24 3180.  {\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Baron Claude Antoine Muis de}}{\b\f1\fs24
Baron Claude Antoine Muis de D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1565 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1662 in Savoy, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de COLIGNY on Nov 30 1600 in Normandy, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3181.  {\xe {\v COLIGNY, Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1572 in Savoy, France.\f0\fs24
  She died in 1666 in Savoy, France.\f0\fs24   Baron Claude Antoine Muis de D'ENTREMONT and Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de COLIGNY had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 770\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Phillippe Mius}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Phillippe Mius D'ENTREMONT.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 3182.  {\xe {\v
HELIE, Jacques du Tillet}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques du Tillet HELIE}\f0\fs24  was born about 1600 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1626 in Cherbourg, Manche, St. Trinite, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24 
  He was married to Francoise FAUCON about 1625 in Cherbourg, Manche, St. Trinite, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3183.  {\xe {\v FAUCON, Francoise}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francoise FAUCON}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1605 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1626 in Cherbourg, Manche, St. Trinite, France.\f0\fs24
  Jacques du Tillet HELIE and Francoise FAUCON had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 771\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v HELIE, Madeleine du Tillet}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine du Tillet HELIE.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 3184.  {\xe {\v
BLANCHARD, Jean Guillaume}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Guillaume BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1540 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1590 in La Chausse, Loudon, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to Huclette GOUGERON about 1570 in France.\f0\fs24 \par \par\f0\fs24 
3185.  {\xe {\v GOUGERON, Huclette}}{\b\f1\fs24 Huclette GOUGERON}\f0\fs24  was born about 1545 in France.\f0\fs24
  She died after 1590 in La Chausse, Loudon, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   Jean Guillaume BLANCHARD and Huclette GOUGERON had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 840\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Guillaume}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume BLANCHARD.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 3186.  {\xe {\v 
POIRIER, Jehan}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jehan POIRIER}\f0\fs24 .  \f0\fs24 \par \par\f0\fs24 
3187.  {\xe {\v POIRIER, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) POIRIER}\f0\fs24 .  
Jehan POIRIER and (FN/MN ??) POIRIER had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 841\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v POIRIER, Huguette}}{\b\f1\fs24
Huguette POIRIER.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 3328.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Francois de la Tour}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Francois de la Tour LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1540 in Chateauroux, France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1570 in most likely Paris, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Diane de ROHAN-GIE on Feb 3 1563/64 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3329.  {\xe {\v ROHAN-GIE, Diane de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Diane de ROHAN-GIE}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1541 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24   She 
died on Apr 20 1585 in Paris, Seine, France.\f0\fs24   Francois de la Tour LANDRY and Diane de ROHAN-GIE had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 1664\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Claude}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Claude LANDRY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 3340.  {\xe {\v GUYON, Jacques du Buisson}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques du Buisson GUYON}\f0\fs24  was born on Jan 2 1561/62 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
  He died on Sep 22 1623 in St. Aubin de Tourouvre, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie HUET on Apr 15 1583 in St. Aubin de Tourouvre, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3341.  {\xe {\v HUET, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie HUET}\f0\fs24  
was born about 1565 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24   She died on Feb 26 1625/26 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
  Jacques du Buisson GUYON and Marie HUET had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Marie du Buisson}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marie du Buisson GUYON}\f0\fs24  was born on Sep 21 1588 in St. Aubin de Tourouvre, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 1670\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Jean Marsolet Dion Sieur du Buisson}}{\b
\f1\fs24 Jean Marsolet Dion Sieur du Buisson GUYON.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iii.\tab
{\xe {\v GUYON, Jacques du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques du Buisson GUYON}\f0\fs24
 was born on Nov 21 1604 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24 \par\pard
\par\f0\fs24 3342.  {\xe {\v ROBIN, Eustache Boule}}{\b\f1\fs24 Eustache Boule ROBIN}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1574 in Tourouvre, Montagne, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1601 in Montage, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to Madeleine AVRARD about 1598 in Montage, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3343.  {\xe {\v AVRARD, Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine AVRARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1579 in Montage, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1601 in Montage, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
  Eustache Boule ROBIN and Madeleine AVRARD had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 1671\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v ROBIN, Mathurine Madeleine Boule}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Mathurine Madeleine Boule ROBIN.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v
ROBIN, Eustache}}{\b\f1\fs24 Eustache ROBIN}\f0\fs24  was born on Sep 9 1601 in Montage, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 3352.  {\xe {\v MUIS, Nicholas}}{\b\f1\fs24 Nicholas MUIS}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1540 in Gryon, Switzerland.\f0\fs24   He died on Aug 24 1572 in Paris, Seine, France during the St. Valentine's Day Massacre.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Jeanne de MEUILLON about 1560 in France.\f0\fs24 \par
\par\f0\fs24 3353.  {\xe {\v MEUILLON, Jeanne de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne de MEUILLON}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1545 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1565 in France.\f0\fs24
  Nicholas MUIS and Jeanne de MEUILLON had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Charlotte Muis Mousche}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Charlotte Muis Mousche D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24 .  \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v
D'ENTREMONT, Louyse Muis Mousche}}{\b\f1\fs24 Louyse Muis Mousche D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24
.  \par\tab 1540\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Baron Claude Antoine Muis de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Baron Claude Antoine Muis de D'ENTREMONT.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24
3354.  {\xe {\v COLIGNY, Gaspard II de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Gaspard II de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24
 was born on Feb 16 1518/19 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24   He died on Aug 24 1572 in Paris, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Jacquelinet Montbel D'ENTREMONT on Mar 25 1571 in France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3355.  {\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Jacquelinet Montbel}}{\b\f1\fs24 
Jacquelinet Montbel D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1550 in Isere, Savoy, France.\f0\fs24
  She died on Jul 6 1600 in Geneva, Switzerland.\f0\fs24   Gaspard II de COLIGNY and Jacquelinet Montbel D'ENTREMONT had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 1541\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de COLIGNY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par
\f0\fs24 3362.  {\xe {\v GOUGERON, Antoine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Antoine GOUGERON}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1520.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Jeanne CHABROT before 1540.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 3363.  {\xe {\v CHABROT, Jeanne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne CHABROT}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1522.\f0\fs24   Antoine GOUGERON and Jeanne CHABROT had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 1681\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GOUGERON, Huclette}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Huclette GOUGERON.}\f0\fs24\par\pard\page \par{\b\f3\fs28 THIRTEENTH GENERATION
\par \par}\f0\fs24 6164.  {\xe {\v COLIGNY, Gaspard I de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Gaspard I de COLIGNY}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1480 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24   He died on Aug 14 1522 in Dax, Gascony, France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Louise Marie de MONTMORENCY on Dec 1 1514 in Paris, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 6165.  {\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Louise Marie de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Louise Marie de MONTMORENCY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1490 in Chatou, Seine, France.\f0\fs24   She died on Jun 12 1541 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
  Gaspard I de COLIGNY and Louise Marie de MONTMORENCY had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Pierre de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24  was born on Nov 4 1515 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Odets Cardinal de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Odets Cardinal de COLIGNY}
\f0\fs24  was born on Jul 10 1517 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24 \par\tab
3082\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Gaspard II de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Gaspard II de COLIGNY.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Francois Andelot de}}{\b\f1\fs24 
Francois Andelot de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24  was born on Apr 15 1521 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 6166.  {\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Sebastien de Montbel}}{\b\f1\fs24
Sebastien de Montbel D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born about 1490 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1550 in France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Beatrix PACHECO on Sep 17 1540 in Castle of Chambour, Loire Rivervalley, Orleanais, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 6167.  {\xe {\v PACHECO, Beatrix}}{\b\f1\fs24 Beatrix PACHECO}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1520.\f0\fs24   She died after 1550 in France.\f0\fs24   She was also known as Beatrice.\f0\fs24
  Sebastien de Montbel D'ENTREMONT and Beatrix PACHECO had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Leonar de Montbel}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Leonar de Montbel D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born about 1548.\f0\fs24 
  He died in infancy.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 3083\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Jacquelinet Montbel}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jacquelinet Montbel D'ENTREMONT.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 6272.  {\xe {\v
BROUSSARD, Nicolas}}{\b\f1\fs24 Nicolas BROUSSARD}\f0\fs24  was born about 1545.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1570.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Christine MONTIBERT about 1565.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 6273.  {\xe {\v MONTIBERT, Christine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Christine MONTIBERT}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1548.\f0\fs24   She died after 1570.\f0\fs24   Nicolas BROUSSARD and Christine MONTIBERT had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 3136\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Guillaume}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume BROUSSARD.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 6296.  {\xe {\v 
BLANCHARD, Jean Guillaume}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean Guillaume BLANCHARD}\f0\fs24  was born in 1540 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1590 in La Chausse, Loudon, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to Huclette GOUGERON about 1570 in France.\f0\fs24 \par \par\f0\fs24 
6297.  {\xe {\v GOUGERON, Huclette}}{\b\f1\fs24 Huclette GOUGERON}\f0\fs24  was born about 1545 in France.\f0\fs24
  She died after 1590 in La Chausse, Loudon, Vienne, France.\f0\fs24   Jean Guillaume BLANCHARD and Huclette GOUGERON had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 840\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BLANCHARD, Guillaume}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume BLANCHARD.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 6298.  {\xe {\v 
POIRIER, Jehan}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jehan POIRIER}\f0\fs24 .  \f0\fs24 \par \par\f0\fs24 
6299.  {\xe {\v POIRIER, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) POIRIER}\f0\fs24 .  
Jehan POIRIER and (FN/MN ??) POIRIER had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 841\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v POIRIER, Huguette}}{\b\f1\fs24
Huguette POIRIER.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 6336.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Francois de la Tour}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Francois de la Tour LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1540 in Chateauroux, France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1570 in most likely Paris, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Diane de ROHAN-GIE on Feb 3 1563/64 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 6337.  {\xe {\v ROHAN-GIE, Diane de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Diane de ROHAN-GIE}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1541 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24   She 
died on Apr 20 1585 in Paris, Seine, France.\f0\fs24   Francois de la Tour LANDRY and Diane de ROHAN-GIE had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 1664\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Claude}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Claude LANDRY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 6348.  {\xe {\v GUYON, Jacques du Buisson}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques du Buisson GUYON}\f0\fs24  was born on Jan 2 1561/62 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
  He died on Sep 22 1623 in St. Aubin de Tourouvre, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie HUET on Apr 15 1583 in St. Aubin de Tourouvre, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 6349.  {\xe {\v HUET, Marie}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie HUET}\f0\fs24  
was born about 1565 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24   She died on Feb 26 1625/26 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
  Jacques du Buisson GUYON and Marie HUET had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Marie du Buisson}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Marie du Buisson GUYON}\f0\fs24  was born on Sep 21 1588 in St. Aubin de Tourouvre, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par\tab 1670\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Jean Marsolet Dion Sieur du Buisson}}{\b
\f1\fs24 Jean Marsolet Dion Sieur du Buisson GUYON.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iii.\tab
{\xe {\v GUYON, Jacques du Buisson}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques du Buisson GUYON}\f0\fs24
 was born on Nov 21 1604 in St. Jean, Mortagne, Perche, France.\f0\fs24 \par\pard
\par\f0\fs24 6350.  {\xe {\v ROBIN, Eustache Boule}}{\b\f1\fs24 Eustache Boule ROBIN}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1574 in Tourouvre, Montagne, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1601 in Montage, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to Madeleine AVRARD about 1598 in Montage, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 6351.  {\xe {\v AVRARD, Madeleine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Madeleine AVRARD}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1579 in Montage, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1601 in Montage, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
  Eustache Boule ROBIN and Madeleine AVRARD had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 1671\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v ROBIN, Mathurine Madeleine Boule}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Mathurine Madeleine Boule ROBIN.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v
ROBIN, Eustache}}{\b\f1\fs24 Eustache ROBIN}\f0\fs24  was born on Sep 9 1601 in Montage, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 6360.  {\xe {\v MUIS, Nicholas}}{\b\f1\fs24 Nicholas MUIS}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1540 in Gryon, Switzerland.\f0\fs24   He died on Aug 24 1572 in Paris, Seine, France during the St. Valentine's Day Massacre.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Jeanne de MEUILLON about 1560 in France.\f0\fs24 \par
\par\f0\fs24 6361.  {\xe {\v MEUILLON, Jeanne de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne de MEUILLON}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1545 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1565 in France.\f0\fs24
  Nicholas MUIS and Jeanne de MEUILLON had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Charlotte Muis Mousche}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Charlotte Muis Mousche D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24 .  \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v
D'ENTREMONT, Louyse Muis Mousche}}{\b\f1\fs24 Louyse Muis Mousche D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24
.  \par\tab 1540\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Baron Claude Antoine Muis de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Baron Claude Antoine Muis de D'ENTREMONT.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24
6362.  {\xe {\v COLIGNY, Gaspard II de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Gaspard II de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24
 was born on Feb 16 1518/19 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24   He died on Aug 24 1572 in Paris, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Jacquelinet Montbel D'ENTREMONT on Mar 25 1571 in France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 6363.  {\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Jacquelinet Montbel}}{\b\f1\fs24 
Jacquelinet Montbel D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born in 1550 in Isere, Savoy, France.\f0\fs24
  She died on Jul 6 1600 in Geneva, Switzerland.\f0\fs24   Gaspard II de COLIGNY and Jacquelinet Montbel D'ENTREMONT had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 1541\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Countess Beatrice dite D'Entremont de COLIGNY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par
\f0\fs24 6370.  {\xe {\v GOUGERON, Antoine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Antoine GOUGERON}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1520.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Jeanne CHABROT before 1540.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 6371.  {\xe {\v CHABROT, Jeanne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne CHABROT}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1522.\f0\fs24   Antoine GOUGERON and Jeanne CHABROT had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 1681\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GOUGERON, Huclette}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Huclette GOUGERON.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 6656.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Jean de la Tour}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean de la Tour LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1512 in most likely France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1540 in Chateauroux, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Anne CHABOT about 1535 in Chateauroux, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 6657.  {\xe {\v CHABOT, Anne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Anne CHABOT}\f0\fs24 
 was born about 1514 in most likely France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1540 in Chateauroux, France.\f0\fs24
  Jean de la Tour LANDRY and Anne CHABOT had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 3328\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Francois de la Tour}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Francois de la Tour LANDRY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 6658.  {\xe {\v
ROHAN-GIE, Francois}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francois ROHAN-GIE}\f0\fs24  was born about 1504 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1541 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Catherine de SILLY in 1536 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 6659.  {\xe {\v SILLY, Catherine de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine de SILLY}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1508 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1541 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24
  Francois ROHAN-GIE and Catherine de SILLY had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 3329\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v ROHAN-GIE, Diane de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Diane de ROHAN-GIE.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 6680.  {\xe {\v 
GUYON, Mathurin}}{\b\f1\fs24 Mathurin GUYON}\f0\fs24  was born about 1530 in St. Martin, Auxerre, France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1563 in Montage, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to (FN/MN ??) GUYON about 1560 in Montage, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 6681.  {\xe {\v GUYON, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1535 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1562 in Montage, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
  Mathurin GUYON and (FN/MN ??) GUYON had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 3340\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Jacques du Buisson}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques du Buisson GUYON.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 6708.  {\xe {\v
COLIGNY, Gaspard I de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Gaspard I de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1480 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
  He died on Aug 14 1522 in Dax, Gascony, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Louise Marie de MONTMORENCY on Dec 1 1514 in Paris, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 6709.  {\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Louise Marie de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Louise Marie de MONTMORENCY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1490 in Chatou, Seine, France.\f0\fs24   She died on Jun 12 1541 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
  Gaspard I de COLIGNY and Louise Marie de MONTMORENCY had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Pierre de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24  was born on Nov 4 1515 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Odets Cardinal de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Odets Cardinal de COLIGNY}
\f0\fs24  was born on Jul 10 1517 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24 \par\tab
3082\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Gaspard II de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Gaspard II de COLIGNY.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Francois Andelot de}}{\b\f1\fs24 
Francois Andelot de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24  was born on Apr 15 1521 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 6710.  {\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Sebastien de Montbel}}{\b\f1\fs24
Sebastien de Montbel D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born about 1490 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1550 in France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Beatrix PACHECO on Sep 17 1540 in Castle of Chambour, Loire Rivervalley, Orleanais, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 6711.  {\xe {\v PACHECO, Beatrix}}{\b\f1\fs24 Beatrix PACHECO}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1520.\f0\fs24   She died after 1550 in France.\f0\fs24   She was also known as Beatrice.\f0\fs24
  Sebastien de Montbel D'ENTREMONT and Beatrix PACHECO had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Leonar de Montbel}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Leonar de Montbel D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born about 1548.\f0\fs24 
  He died in infancy.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 3083\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Jacquelinet Montbel}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jacquelinet Montbel D'ENTREMONT.}\f0\fs24\par\pard\page \par{\b\f3\fs28
FOURTEENTH GENERATION\par \par}\f0\fs24 12328.  {\xe {\v COLIGNY, Jean III de}}{\b
\f1\fs24 Jean III de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1439 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1481 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Eleanor COURCELLES on Dec 30 1464 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 12329.  {\xe {\v COURCELLES, Eleanor}}{\b\f1\fs24 Eleanor COURCELLES}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1447 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1510 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
  Jean III de COLIGNY and Eleanor COURCELLES had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 6164\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Gaspard I de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Gaspard I de COLIGNY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 12330.  {\xe {\v
MONTMORENCY, Guillaume de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume de MONTMORENCY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1445 in Paris, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
  He died on May 24 1531 in Chatou, Seine, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Ann Pott de THORE on Jul 14 1484 in Paris, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 12331.  {\xe {\v THORE, Ann Pott de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Ann Pott de THORE}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1460 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1493 in Chatou, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
  Guillaume de MONTMORENCY and Ann Pott de THORE had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 6165\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Louise Marie de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Louise Marie de MONTMORENCY.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Duc Anne de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Duc Anne de MONTMORENCY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1493 in Chantilly, France.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 12334.  {\xe {\v PACHECO, Duke of}}{\b\f1\fs24 Duke of PACHECO}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1495.\f0\fs24   He died after 1520 in France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24
  He was married to (FN/MN ??) PACHECO about 1515.\f0\fs24 \par \par\f0\fs24 12335.  {\xe {\v
PACHECO, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) PACHECO}\f0\fs24  was born about 1500.\f0\fs24
  She died after 1520 in France.\f0\fs24   Duke of PACHECO and (FN/MN ??) PACHECO had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 6167\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v PACHECO, Beatrix}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Beatrix PACHECO.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 12544.  {\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Michel}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Michel BROUSSARD}\f0\fs24  was born about 1520.\f0\fs24   He died after 1545.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Maria LA POMMERAVE about 1542.\f0\fs24 \par \par\f0\fs24
12545.  {\xe {\v LA POMMERAVE, Maria}}{\b\f1\fs24 Maria LA POMMERAVE}\f0\fs24  was born about 1525.\f0\fs24
  She died after 1545.\f0\fs24   Michel BROUSSARD and Maria LA POMMERAVE had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 6272\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v BROUSSARD, Nicolas}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Nicolas BROUSSARD.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 12546.  {\xe {\v 
MONTIBERT, Claude}}{\b\f1\fs24 Claude MONTIBERT}\f0\fs24  was born about 1523.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1548.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Jacqueline VOIRE about 1545.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 12547.  {\xe {\v VOIRE, Jacqueline}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jacqueline VOIRE}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1528.\f0\fs24   She died after 1548.\f0\fs24   Claude MONTIBERT and Jacqueline VOIRE had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 6273\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MONTIBERT, Christine}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Christine MONTIBERT.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 12594.  {\xe {\v
GOUGERON, Antoine}}{\b\f1\fs24 Antoine GOUGERON}\f0\fs24  was born about 1520.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Jeanne CHABROT before 1540.\f0\fs24 \par \par\f0\fs24
12595.  {\xe {\v CHABROT, Jeanne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne CHABROT}\f0\fs24  was born about 1522.\f0\fs24
  Antoine GOUGERON and Jeanne CHABROT had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 1681\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GOUGERON, Huclette}}{\b\f1\fs24
Huclette GOUGERON.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 12672.  {\xe {\v LANDRY, Jean de la Tour}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean de la Tour LANDRY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1512 in most likely France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1540 in Chateauroux, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Anne CHABOT about 1535 in Chateauroux, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 12673.  {\xe {\v CHABOT, Anne}}{\b\f1\fs24 Anne CHABOT}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1514 in most likely France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1540 in Chateauroux, France.\f0\fs24
  Jean de la Tour LANDRY and Anne CHABOT had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 3328\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v LANDRY, Francois de la Tour}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Francois de la Tour LANDRY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 12674.  {\xe {\v
ROHAN-GIE, Francois}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francois ROHAN-GIE}\f0\fs24  was born about 1504 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1541 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Catherine de SILLY in 1536 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 12675.  {\xe {\v SILLY, Catherine de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine de SILLY}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1508 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1541 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24
  Francois ROHAN-GIE and Catherine de SILLY had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 3329\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v ROHAN-GIE, Diane de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Diane de ROHAN-GIE.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 12696.  {\xe {\v 
GUYON, Mathurin}}{\b\f1\fs24 Mathurin GUYON}\f0\fs24  was born about 1530 in St. Martin, Auxerre, France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1563 in Montage, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to (FN/MN ??) GUYON about 1560 in Montage, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 12697.  {\xe {\v GUYON, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1535 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1562 in Montage, Chartres, Perche, France.\f0\fs24
  Mathurin GUYON and (FN/MN ??) GUYON had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 3340\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v GUYON, Jacques du Buisson}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques du Buisson GUYON.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 12724.  {\xe {\v
COLIGNY, Gaspard I de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Gaspard I de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1480 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
  He died on Aug 14 1522 in Dax, Gascony, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Louise Marie de MONTMORENCY on Dec 1 1514 in Paris, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 12725.  {\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Louise Marie de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Louise Marie de MONTMORENCY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1490 in Chatou, Seine, France.\f0\fs24   She died on Jun 12 1541 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
  Gaspard I de COLIGNY and Louise Marie de MONTMORENCY had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Pierre de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24  was born on Nov 4 1515 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
\par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Odets Cardinal de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Odets Cardinal de COLIGNY}
\f0\fs24  was born on Jul 10 1517 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24 \par\tab
3082\tab iii.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Gaspard II de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Gaspard II de COLIGNY.}
\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab iv.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Francois Andelot de}}{\b\f1\fs24 
Francois Andelot de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24  was born on Apr 15 1521 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 12726.  {\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Sebastien de Montbel}}{\b\f1\fs24
Sebastien de Montbel D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born about 1490 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1550 in France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Beatrix PACHECO on Sep 17 1540 in Castle of Chambour, Loire Rivervalley, Orleanais, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 12727.  {\xe {\v PACHECO, Beatrix}}{\b\f1\fs24 Beatrix PACHECO}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1520.\f0\fs24   She died after 1550 in France.\f0\fs24 
  She was also known as Beatrice.\f0\fs24   Sebastien de Montbel D'ENTREMONT and Beatrix PACHECO had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Leonar de Montbel}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Leonar de Montbel D'ENTREMONT}\f0\fs24  was born about 1548.\f0\fs24 
  He died in infancy.\f0\fs24 \par\tab 3083\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v D'ENTREMONT, Jacquelinet Montbel}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jacquelinet Montbel D'ENTREMONT.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 13316.  {\xe {\v
ROHAN-GIE, Charles de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Charles de ROHAN-GIE}\f0\fs24  was born in 1475 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24
  He died on May 6 1528 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to Jeanne de ST. SEVERIN about 1503 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24 \par
\par\f0\fs24 13317.  {\xe {\v ST. SEVERIN, Jeanne de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne de ST. SEVERIN}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1479 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1504 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24
  Charles de ROHAN-GIE and Jeanne de ST. SEVERIN had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 6658\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v ROHAN-GIE, Francois}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Francois ROHAN-GIE.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 13318.  {\xe {\v 
SILLY, Charles de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Charles de SILLY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1480 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24
  He died on Aug 4 1518 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Phillippa de SARREBRUCK in 1504 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 13319.  {\xe {\v SARREBRUCK, Phillippa de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Phillippa de SARREBRUCK}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1484 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1508 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24
  Charles de SILLY and Phillippa de SARREBRUCK had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 6659\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v SILLY, Catherine de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine de SILLY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 13416.  {\xe {\v 
COLIGNY, Jean III de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean III de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1439 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1481 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Eleanor COURCELLES on Dec 30 1464 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 13417.  {\xe {\v COURCELLES, Eleanor}}{\b\f1\fs24 Eleanor COURCELLES}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1447 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1510 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
  Jean III de COLIGNY and Eleanor COURCELLES had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 6164\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Gaspard I de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Gaspard I de COLIGNY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 13418.  {\xe {\v
MONTMORENCY, Guillaume de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume de MONTMORENCY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1445 in Paris, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
  He died on May 24 1531 in Chatou, Seine, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Ann Pott de THORE on Jul 14 1484 in Paris, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 13419.  {\xe {\v THORE, Ann Pott de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Ann Pott de THORE}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1460 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1493 in Chatou, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
  Guillaume de MONTMORENCY and Ann Pott de THORE had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 6165\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Louise Marie de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Louise Marie de MONTMORENCY.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Duc Anne de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Duc Anne de MONTMORENCY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1493 in Chantilly, France.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 13422.  {\xe {\v PACHECO, Duke of}}{\b\f1\fs24 Duke of PACHECO}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1495.\f0\fs24   He died after 1520 in France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24
  He was married to (FN/MN ??) PACHECO about 1515.\f0\fs24 \par \par\f0\fs24 13423.  {\xe {\v
PACHECO, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) PACHECO}\f0\fs24  was born about 1500.\f0\fs24
  She died after 1520 in France.\f0\fs24   Duke of PACHECO and (FN/MN ??) PACHECO had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 6167\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v PACHECO, Beatrix}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Beatrix PACHECO.}\f0\fs24\par\pard\page \par{\b\f3\fs28 FIFTEENTH GENERATION
\par \par}\f0\fs24 24656.  {\xe {\v COLIGNY, Guillaume de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume de COLIGNY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1412 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24   He died in 1457 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Catherine Lourdin de SALIGNY about 1435 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 24657.  {\xe {\v SALIGNY, Catherine Lourdin de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine Lourdin de SALIGNY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1416 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1440 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
  Guillaume de COLIGNY and Catherine Lourdin de SALIGNY had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 12328\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Jean III de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean III de COLIGNY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 24660.  {\xe {\v
MONTMORENCY, Jean II Seigneur de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean II Seigneur de MONTMORENCY}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1401 in Montmorency, Seine et Oise, France.\f0\fs24   He died after 1445 in France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Marguerite D'ORGEMONT about 1438 in Paris, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 24661.  {\xe {\v D'ORGEMONT, Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite D'ORGEMONT}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1405 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1445 in France.\f0\fs24
  Jean II Seigneur de MONTMORENCY and Marguerite D'ORGEMONT had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 12330\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Guillaume de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume de MONTMORENCY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 24662.  {\xe {\v
THORE, Renaud de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Renaud de THORE}\f0\fs24  was born about 1420 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1470 in France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to (FN/MN ??) THORE about 1460 in France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 24663.  {\xe {\v THORE, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) THORE}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1435 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1470 in France.\f0\fs24
  Renaud de THORE and (FN/MN ??) THORE had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 12331\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v THORE, Ann Pott de}}{\b\f1\fs24
Ann Pott de THORE.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 25348.  {\xe {\v ROHAN-GIE, Charles de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Charles de ROHAN-GIE}\f0\fs24  was born in 1475 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24
  He died on May 6 1528 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to Jeanne de ST. SEVERIN about 1503 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24 \par
\par\f0\fs24 25349.  {\xe {\v ST. SEVERIN, Jeanne de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne de ST. SEVERIN}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1479 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1504 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24
  Charles de ROHAN-GIE and Jeanne de ST. SEVERIN had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 6658\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v ROHAN-GIE, Francois}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Francois ROHAN-GIE.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 25350.  {\xe {\v 
SILLY, Charles de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Charles de SILLY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1480 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24
  He died on Aug 4 1518 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Phillippa de SARREBRUCK in 1504 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 25351.  {\xe {\v SARREBRUCK, Phillippa de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Phillippa de SARREBRUCK}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1484 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1508 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24
  Charles de SILLY and Phillippa de SARREBRUCK had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 6659\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v SILLY, Catherine de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine de SILLY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 25448.  {\xe {\v 
COLIGNY, Jean III de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean III de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1439 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1481 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Eleanor COURCELLES on Dec 30 1464 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 25449.  {\xe {\v COURCELLES, Eleanor}}{\b\f1\fs24 Eleanor COURCELLES}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1447 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1510 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
  Jean III de COLIGNY and Eleanor COURCELLES had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 6164\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Gaspard I de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Gaspard I de COLIGNY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 25450.  {\xe {\v
MONTMORENCY, Guillaume de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume de MONTMORENCY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1445 in Paris, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
  He died on May 24 1531 in Chatou, Seine, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Ann Pott de THORE on Jul 14 1484 in Paris, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 25451.  {\xe {\v THORE, Ann Pott de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Ann Pott de THORE}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1460 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1493 in Chatou, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
  Guillaume de MONTMORENCY and Ann Pott de THORE had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 6165\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Louise Marie de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Louise Marie de MONTMORENCY.}\f0\fs24 \par\tab\tab ii.\tab{\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Duc Anne de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Duc Anne de MONTMORENCY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1493 in Chantilly, France.\f0\fs24
\par\pard \par\f0\fs24 25454.  {\xe {\v PACHECO, Duke of}}{\b\f1\fs24 Duke of PACHECO}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1495.\f0\fs24   He died after 1520 in France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24
  He was married to (FN/MN ??) PACHECO about 1515.\f0\fs24 \par \par\f0\fs24 25455.  {\xe {\v
PACHECO, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) PACHECO}\f0\fs24  was born about 1500.\f0\fs24
  She died after 1520 in France.\f0\fs24   Duke of PACHECO and (FN/MN ??) PACHECO had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 6167\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v PACHECO, Beatrix}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Beatrix PACHECO.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 26632.  {\xe {\v ROHAN-GIE, Pierre de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre de ROHAN-GIE}\f0\fs24  was born in 1451 in Mortiers, Crolle, France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1475 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Francoise de PENHOET about 1470 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 26633.  {\xe {\v PENHOET, Francoise de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francoise de PENHOET}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1455 in Mortiers, Crolle, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1475 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24
  Pierre de ROHAN-GIE and Francoise de PENHOET had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 13316\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v ROHAN-GIE, Charles de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Charles de ROHAN-GIE.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 26634.  {\xe {\v
ST. SEVERIN, Bernard}}{\b\f1\fs24 Bernard ST. SEVERIN}\f0\fs24  was born about 1455 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1479 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Jeanne Eleanore PICOLOMINI about 1477 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 26635.  {\xe {\v PICOLOMINI, Jeanne Eleanore}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne Eleanore PICOLOMINI}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1460 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1479 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24
  Bernard ST. SEVERIN and Jeanne Eleanore PICOLOMINI had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 13317\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v ST. SEVERIN, Jeanne de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne de ST. SEVERIN.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 26636.  {\xe {\v
SILLY, Bertin de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Bertin de SILLY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1460 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1480 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie de la Roche GUYON about 1478 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 26637.  {\xe {\v GUYON, Marie de la Roche}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie de la Roche GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1461 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1480 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24
  Bertin de SILLY and Marie de la Roche GUYON had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 13318\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v SILLY, Charles de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Charles de SILLY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 26832.  {\xe {\v COLIGNY, Guillaume de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1412 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1457 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Catherine Lourdin de SALIGNY about 1435 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 26833.  {\xe {\v SALIGNY, Catherine Lourdin de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine Lourdin de SALIGNY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1416 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1440 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
  Guillaume de COLIGNY and Catherine Lourdin de SALIGNY had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 12328\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Jean III de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean III de COLIGNY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 26836.  {\xe {\v
MONTMORENCY, Jean II Seigneur de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean II Seigneur de MONTMORENCY}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1401 in Montmorency, Seine et Oise, France.\f0\fs24   He died after 1445 in France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Marguerite D'ORGEMONT about 1438 in Paris, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 26837.  {\xe {\v D'ORGEMONT, Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite D'ORGEMONT}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1405 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1445 in France.\f0\fs24
  Jean II Seigneur de MONTMORENCY and Marguerite D'ORGEMONT had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 12330\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Guillaume de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume de MONTMORENCY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 26838.  {\xe {\v
THORE, Renaud de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Renaud de THORE}\f0\fs24  was born about 1420 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1470 in France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to (FN/MN ??) THORE about 1460 in France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 26839.  {\xe {\v THORE, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) THORE}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1435 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1470 in France.\f0\fs24
  Renaud de THORE and (FN/MN ??) THORE had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 12331\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v THORE, Ann Pott de}}{\b\f1\fs24
Ann Pott de THORE.}\f0\fs24\par\pard\page \par{\b\f3\fs28 SIXTEENTH GENERATION\par
\par}\f0\fs24 49320.  {\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Jacques de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques de MONTMORENCY}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1375.\f0\fs24   He died after 1405.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to Phillippe de MELUN about 1400 in France.\f0\fs24 \par \par\f0\fs24
49321.  {\xe {\v MELUN, Phillippe de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Phillippe de MELUN}\f0\fs24  was born about 1380.\f0\fs24
  She died after 1405.\f0\fs24   Jacques de MONTMORENCY and Phillippe de MELUN had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 24660\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Jean II Seigneur de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean II Seigneur de MONTMORENCY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 49324.  {\xe {\v
THORE, Pierre de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre de THORE}\f0\fs24  was born about 1395.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1420.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to (FN/MN ??) THORE about 1415.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 49325.  {\xe {\v THORE, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) THORE}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1400.\f0\fs24   She died after 1420.\f0\fs24   Pierre de THORE and (FN/MN ??) THORE had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 24662\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v THORE, Renaud de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Renaud de THORE.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 50696.  {\xe {\v ROHAN-GIE, Pierre de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre de ROHAN-GIE}\f0\fs24  was born in 1451 in Mortiers, Crolle, France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1475 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Francoise de PENHOET about 1470 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 50697.  {\xe {\v PENHOET, Francoise de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Francoise de PENHOET}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1455 in Mortiers, Crolle, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1475 in Guemenesurcoff, Morbihan, France.\f0\fs24
  Pierre de ROHAN-GIE and Francoise de PENHOET had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 13316\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v ROHAN-GIE, Charles de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Charles de ROHAN-GIE.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 50698.  {\xe {\v
ST. SEVERIN, Bernard}}{\b\f1\fs24 Bernard ST. SEVERIN}\f0\fs24  was born about 1455 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1479 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Jeanne Eleanore PICOLOMINI about 1477 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 50699.  {\xe {\v PICOLOMINI, Jeanne Eleanore}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne Eleanore PICOLOMINI}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1460 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1479 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24
  Bernard ST. SEVERIN and Jeanne Eleanore PICOLOMINI had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 13317\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v ST. SEVERIN, Jeanne de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jeanne de ST. SEVERIN.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 50700.  {\xe {\v
SILLY, Bertin de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Bertin de SILLY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1460 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1480 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Marie de la Roche GUYON about 1478 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 50701.  {\xe {\v GUYON, Marie de la Roche}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marie de la Roche GUYON}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1461 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1480 in Rochefort, France.\f0\fs24
  Bertin de SILLY and Marie de la Roche GUYON had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720
\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 13318\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v SILLY, Charles de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Charles de SILLY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 50896.  {\xe {\v COLIGNY, Guillaume de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume de COLIGNY}\f0\fs24  was born in 1412 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
  He died in 1457 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to Catherine Lourdin de SALIGNY about 1435 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 50897.  {\xe {\v SALIGNY, Catherine Lourdin de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Catherine Lourdin de SALIGNY}
\f0\fs24  was born in 1416 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1440 in Chatillion-sur-Loing, France.\f0\fs24
  Guillaume de COLIGNY and Catherine Lourdin de SALIGNY had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 12328\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v COLIGNY, Jean III de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean III de COLIGNY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 50900.  {\xe {\v
MONTMORENCY, Jean II Seigneur de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jean II Seigneur de MONTMORENCY}\f0\fs24
 was born about 1401 in Montmorency, Seine et Oise, France.\f0\fs24   He died after 1445 in France.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Marguerite D'ORGEMONT about 1438 in Paris, Seine, France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 50901.  {\xe {\v D'ORGEMONT, Marguerite}}{\b\f1\fs24 Marguerite D'ORGEMONT}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1405 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1445 in France.\f0\fs24
  Jean II Seigneur de MONTMORENCY and Marguerite D'ORGEMONT had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 12330\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Guillaume de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Guillaume de MONTMORENCY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 50902.  {\xe {\v
THORE, Renaud de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Renaud de THORE}\f0\fs24  was born about 1420 in France.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1470 in France.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to (FN/MN ??) THORE about 1460 in France.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 50903.  {\xe {\v THORE, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) THORE}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1435 in France.\f0\fs24   She died after 1470 in France.\f0\fs24
  Renaud de THORE and (FN/MN ??) THORE had the following children:\par\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800
\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 12331\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v THORE, Ann Pott de}}{\b\f1\fs24
Ann Pott de THORE.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 53672.  {\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Jacques de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques de MONTMORENCY}\f0\fs24  was born about 1375.\f0\fs24   He died after 1405.\f0\fs24
\f0\fs24   He was married to Phillippe de MELUN about 1400 in France.\f0\fs24 \par
\par\f0\fs24 53673.  {\xe {\v MELUN, Phillippe de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Phillippe de MELUN}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1380.\f0\fs24   She died after 1405.\f0\fs24   Jacques de MONTMORENCY and Phillippe de MELUN had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 24660\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Jean II Seigneur de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean II Seigneur de MONTMORENCY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 53676.  {\xe {\v
THORE, Pierre de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre de THORE}\f0\fs24  was born about 1395.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1420.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to (FN/MN ??) THORE about 1415.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 53677.  {\xe {\v THORE, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) THORE}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1400.\f0\fs24   She died after 1420.\f0\fs24   Pierre de THORE and (FN/MN ??) THORE had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 24662\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v THORE, Renaud de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Renaud de THORE.}\f0\fs24\par\pard\page \par{\b\f3\fs28 SEVENTEENTH GENERATION
\par \par}\f0\fs24 101800.  {\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Jacques de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Jacques de MONTMORENCY}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1375.\f0\fs24   He died after 1405.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He 
was married to Phillippe de MELUN about 1400 in France.\f0\fs24 \par \par\f0\fs24
101801.  {\xe {\v MELUN, Phillippe de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Phillippe de MELUN}\f0\fs24  
was born about 1380.\f0\fs24   She died after 1405.\f0\fs24   Jacques de MONTMORENCY and Phillippe de MELUN had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 24660\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v MONTMORENCY, Jean II Seigneur de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Jean II Seigneur de MONTMORENCY.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\f0\fs24 101804.  {\xe {\v
THORE, Pierre de}}{\b\f1\fs24 Pierre de THORE}\f0\fs24  was born about 1395.\f0\fs24
  He died after 1420.\f0\fs24\f0\fs24   He was married to (FN/MN ??) THORE about 1415.\f0\fs24
\par \par\f0\fs24 101805.  {\xe {\v THORE, (FN/MN ??)}}{\b\f1\fs24 (FN/MN ??) THORE}
\f0\fs24  was born about 1400.\f0\fs24   She died after 1420.\f0\fs24   Pierre de THORE and (FN/MN ??) THORE had the following children:\par
\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1800\fi-1972\li1972\tx1972 \par\tab 24662\tab i.\tab{\xe {\v THORE, Renaud de}}
{\b\f1\fs24 Renaud de THORE.}\f0\fs24 \par\pard \par\par Prepared by:\par Wendi Haegle-Devlin\par
PO Box 4194\par Windham, NH  03087-4194\par webmaster@munsapi.com\par\page{\b\f3\fs28
\par SOURCES\par \par}\f0\fs24 1.  Elaine Keefe: Mother of Preparer/Daughter of Eugene Zins and Iola Bills.
  Gleaned from various interviews/discussions.\par 2.  Windham NH Historical Society.
.  Rural Oasis (Supplement to LA Morrisons "History of Windham'): spanning the years 1883 to 1975.
  Phoenix Publishing, Canaan, NH. Copyright 1975.\par 3.  Zins Family Plot: Located at Cemetery on the Plain, Windham, Rockingham County, NH.
\par 4.  Church Register..  Augsburg, Germany: Parish of St. Ulrich and Afra.\par
5.  Ibid.  Baptismal Register: Volume 13, Page 244, Number 130. Godparents: Peter Ruf and Ursula Zins. Chaplain; Forndran. (Copy on file).
\par 6.  Commonwealth of Massachusetts..  Burial Permit: Peter (John) Alois Zins.
  City of Haverhill, November 3, 1955.  Permit No. 4069. Residence at time of death: 25 Moody Street, Haverhill, MA.
\par 7.  Rockingham County Registry of Deeds, Brentwood, NH.\par 8.  Ancestry.com
.  1894, Haverhill, MA Directory.  Sampson, Murdock & Co., 1894.\par 9.  Town of Derry, NH.
.  Certificate of Death: Jane Melanson Zins.  Issued October 9, 1950.\par 10.  1871 Census, Province of Nova Scotia, Antigonish.
  Province of Nova Scotia, Canada.  District #201: Antigonish. Sub-district H: Tracadie, Division 1. Family #69
.\par 11.  Ibid.  District #201: Antigonish. Sub-district H: Tracadie, Division 1. Family #69
.\par 12.  Ibid.  District #201: Antigonish. Sub-district H: Tracadie, Division 1. Family #69
.\par 13.  Ibid.  District #201: Antigonish. Sub-district H: Tracadie, Division 1. Family #69
.\par\page{\b\f3\fs28 \par INDEX\par \par}\f0\fs24\par}
